index: 22736437
Well I have three. My husband, so good deal there. A girl best friend, who says that if we were lesbians we would be married, so good deal there too. My other one is a guy best friend who is practically my brother and I just feel weird about that.
index: 84157643
Slippery slope is a logical fallacy. It doesn't have any basis in fact. The slippery slope argument is the same argument when people say allowing gay marriage will eventually lead to people marrying animals.
index: 33295191
I think there's a growing split on social vs economic issues. From what I've seen, people are more accepting of liberal social views (gay marriage, abortion, etc), but are still conservative on economic issues (lower taxes, less regulations, etc). That seems to be tearing apart the GOP as religious groups try to hold on to the social matters awhile other Republicans accept it and just care about economic issues.
index: 37834426
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 21718462
I have received nothing but love, inspiration and strength from gay man. Sure, I have never been on apps but every gay man I have talked or heard of, were great man. especially the married gay men. You will know why they are married when you hear them talk.married Gay men has become my inspiration.straight man and women have been great too
index: 65012994
How would that not be the case? Explain to me how one consenting adult being able to marry another consenting adult, regardless of gender of either party, would not be marriage equality? Give me a specific situation in which that would not be equal.
index: 20110710
no, it's the civil rights movement redux. a lot of the people fighting against legalizing gay marriage would have been too young to do anything during the first civil rights movement, so they're trying to fight the current one.
index: 41944959
Viva Las Vegas Wedding Chapel provides best Traditional Las Vegas Weddings, Elvis Style Weddings and Themed based Style Weddings in Las Vegas. We also provide same-sex marriage in Nevada. So come join with us when it's time to celebrate your marriage.
index: 41002206
What does not agreeing with gay marriage even mean? If it means *you* don't want to get gay married, then don't get gay married. Fine. But if you don't want other people to get gay married, you need to come up with a pretty good explanation for why...
index: 47022578
Exactly. Slippery slope is valid as long as you can give arguments as to the validity of each step. Bad Slippery slope arguments are ones like, "if we allow same sex marriage, then people will start marrying animals." There is no argument for this conclusion.
index: 19917806
the bible specifically says that homosexuality is bad. the bible is perfect and the given word of god. therefore god hates homos. christians love the bible and god. ergo: christians hate homos. god wants us to marry, fuck like rabbits and make little christians who will do the same. homosexuality does not fit it with that plan. i feel like i'm stating the obvious here. (and to be clear, i do not share this opinion, whatsoever)
index: 16636824
I agree with you, but saying "feminism is stupid" is just dumb. Any task is easier when split into distinct steps - hence feminism, black pride, LGBT rights, etc. They're all fighting for the same thing: equal rights for ALL people. Wouldn't it be weird for LGBT activists to fight for "straight marriage?" And yet, I'm sure you support marriage equality and don't think all gays hate straights. You can still fight for men's rights (there's a whole subreddit for that) while being an ally to gays, women, minorities, etc. The fight for human equality is not a zero-sum game.
index: 37982602
God made us to where man and women are supposed to be married. It's supposed to be a man and a women. In my opinion same sex isn't correct. And you are right it doesn't say that in the ten commandments. I absolutely hate it when "christians" say with there whole heart how God hates gays. They hate gays... They give other christians a bad name. In my own opinion I don't think it is correct, but if that's what they want to do then they can go ahead and do it. God gave us all free will and they can do what they want. I think as long as you believe that God is you savior and have accepted him as your God then you will go to heaven.
index: 64721173
Gay married Wal-Mart employees are now eligible for 29 hour work weeks and all corresponding benefits just like all other Wal-Mart employees. Wal-Mart executives remind all employees to be grateful they don't get less.
index: 34125100
Well, as far as an in tact Valyrian family tree is concerned, there's also House Velaryon of Driftmark. They followed the Targaryens to Westeros 12 years before The Doom and were Aegon the Conquerors Master of Ships during the invasion. We know House Velaryon has married into the Targayens many times, including Princess Rhaenys who was married to Lord Corlys Velaryon.
index: 66987028
This is actually a common thing in my family. I have an Aunt, great aunt, my moms cousin, and three other cousins (all female) who never married. The cousins still could, but are reaching their late 40s, so getting kind of up there for a first marriage. I'm suspecting closet lesbians in all cases.
index: 41638234
This is simply not true. The idea that some people are innately homosexual and some are innately heterosexual is purely a modern, western one. Historically people engaged in homosexual activity to various degrees but not exclusively. Gay marriage is a purely modern idea.
index: 37529856
"Marriage is an important part of getting ahead. It lets people know you're not a homo. A married guy seems more stable. People see the ring, they think 'at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch.' Ladies see the ring, they know immediately that you must have some cash, and your cock must work."
index: 48620942
Based on what my dad (with whom I've had many disagreements over gay marriage) has said, they generally see the traditional family as being a cornerstone of society. They tend to see homosexuality as eroding away at this, and thus see it as an attack on society.
index: 63361891
There is nothing "sacred" about the texts you speak of, they are just old. Go through your bible and see how many kinds of people that book say's must be put to death. Gay's, women who are not virgins before they marry, unruly children, people who work on the sabbath...it goes on and on.
index: 78109946
The fact that he was the first president to support gay marriage is not at all irrelevant. That is the line that will end up in the history books. Other presidents had the opportunity to support gay marriage. Only Obama has done so. And well before it was legalized nationwide.
index: 47419008
Because the store is selling wedding cakes but refuses to do so if they're used by homosexuals. If the store didn't sell wedding cakes period, it wouldn't be an issue. Marriage is also frequently connected with sexuality, since the two typically go together.
index: 72021887
Clinton was my favorite president either but he was still against "gays in the military" "gay marriage" and although Obama didn't support those things during his campaign as president not only did he support them but he helped make them facts. Clinton was arguably the better financial president but Obama I believe has been the better social issues president.
index: 39792623
No. It shouldn't be about getting rid of benefits for straight people, it's about getting benefits for gay people. We shouldn't just get rid of marriage, we should make it so that whoever wants to get married can get married.
index: 65859999
I know a throuple like this. One bi guy who is the Dom for one straight woman and one gay guy. The Dom and woman were married for quite a while and then brought in a younger guy. They all seem super happy!
index: 73381055
Fight *for* civil rights by depriving others of their civil rights. Yeah, it's like the '60s, all over again, even down to the invocation of states' rights. Meanwhile, many who knew King best, including his own wife, believed he would've been in support of marriage equality.
index: 88949960
I agree that people should be free to do whatever they want; including gay people who want to get married. On the other hand, any church should also be free to decide who they let get married there. If they don't want to marry gays, so be it. Somebody else will marry them and everyone can be happy.
index: 85999941
Hillary is a liberal? Haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha. Because hating the working class, being pro censorship to the point that you pay people to censor wrong think, against doma privately, probably against gay marriage privately, and being pro war are such liberal stances?
index: 69248617
That doesn't mean that a slippery slope argument is logical, it just means that it's often abused to scare people into falling in line. Also, as an informal fallacy, the slippery slope can be a logical argument, but it has to be backed by real evidence and logic. You can't just come out and say "if we let homosexuals marry, then soon people will be marrying animals."
index: 17687446
I don't know, it kind of reminds me of when people used to say that if we legalized gay marriage, everyone would want to marry their dogs. It reminds me of that because it's a baseless slippery slope argument and it's stupid.
index: 89815427
The bible never says to hate anyone. I lovingly disagree with a lot of things, but i hate nothing. The bible says to disagree with a lot of things but it never says to hate anyone. Do i disagree with same sex marriage? yes am i pro life? yes, but i will never spread hate about anyone who does get/believe in abortion or same sex marriage. as a Christian you're supposed to Spread the love of Jesus Christ, not hate.
index: 73225162
"Marriage is an important part of getting ahead, lets people know you're not a homo, married guy seems more stable, people see the ring they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch, ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work."
index: 33797096
I always think this, a lot of political debate there in the US is over abortion or gay marriage stances, they really didn't come up and if banning abortion was to come up it would be a short time before they weren't in office anymore. It does seem very right wing
index: 89979875
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 49567285
"Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work."
index: 46235982
Ce qui est étonnant tout de même c'est de voir l'implication des gens dans ce débat. Je ne suis pas homosexuel ça ne changera absolument rien pour moi. En outre, les arguments sont similaires à ceux utilisés contre les marriages interraciaux. Pour rappel c'est légal depuis 67 aux USA, hier quoi...
index: 44693747
Religious influence around the world. I don't mean no religion i mean everybody is free to practice their own religion but with the exception that personal religious beliefs do not influence society, the laws will be made to do what is best for the people and if your religion stipulates otherwise then you practice this belief personally, others don't have to do the same. For me the strongest example for this would have to do with abortion and gay marriage because religious belief seems to be a big factor holding society from advancing and evolving. Just my 2 cents.
index: 11142135
Hollywood actress Lindsay Lohan's girl friend Samantha Ronson has spoken out about California’s Proposition 8, which bans same-sex marriages. She expressed shock that voters approved an animal-rights initiative but discarded measures for gay marriage and adoption.
index: 21028332
I don't see the point of either of your questions. The first one, why would you ask me that? And the second one, how could asking a simple question relating to the topic at hand be considered an argument? I've noticed that supporters of gay marriage often struggle with the question I asked!
index: 61936665
Not that I agree with him, but he's talking about *any* policies which threaten the traditional family unit. Catholics don't support divorce either, but they're too late to do anything about that. It's not so much that gay marriage is going to destroy humanity, it's just a further example of humanity's moral decline.
index: 81263118
I really didn't want to draw the comparison between polygamous marriage and gay marriage! My only reason for mentioning it is because it's been used in the 'slippery slope' argument against gay marriage. You're right, they are completely different.
index: 75188927
Not at all. If you are a married gay woman, you have a wife (ask any married gay woman). If you are a married gay man, you have a husband (ask any married gay man). I know this because I have 2 married gay friends, both male, and they say that their spouse is their husband.
index: 51275308
marriage doesn't produce children, sex does, and it can be argued that marriage reduces the frequency and variety of sex. In that sence, gays produce nothing of value in terms of children, regardless of wether or not they are married. Straight couples can also produce children wether or not they are married.
index: 23156462
"Math exists. Math makes sense. Math is truth. I love math." Do you have a problem with that? Let's replace math with Thor. "Thor exists. Thor makes sense. Thor is truth. I love Thor." Just because an argument works with one thing doesn't make it work with everything. A lot of anti gay marriage arguments sound like anti interracial marriage arguments, but I know they are different so I don't discredit the arguments because of that.
index: 83382930
But.. it is gay marriage. that is what the whole issue is about. gay people getting married. we shouldn't say that two people got gay married or whatever, but when talking about gay marriage in general, it kinda needs the clarifier.
index: 25291806
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 36436020
Historically it's a factual statement, but anyone saying that fundamentalist Christianity in the 21st century is functionally just as dangerous as fundamentalist Islam is in the 21st century is just spouting liberal bullshit. Are Christians throwing acid in the faces of unveiled women in Karachi, or are they begrudgingly legalizing gay marriage? This isn't 1095, most modern Christians don't take their religion seriously enough for it to be a concern.
index: 44604208
quite so, but I could understand an option along the lines "I don't like it, but who am I to stop two people getting married" because seriously, how will gay marriage effect anyone other than those who get gay married?
index: 79944353
ALL >>CONTRIY>>muthkarni>BABAJI>specialist 101%GARNTYKE SAATH SOLUTION molvibaba>>+91-9829791419>>chirago dawara>>ilm>>by specialist molviji Uk,usa,kuwait,saudia,dubai,australia,swizreland,newzland,england,canada,london,specialist molvi ji,+91-9829791419>>>inter caste love marriage +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist molvi ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage vashikaran specialist baba ji delhi +91-9829791419 intercaste love marriage love back specialist +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problem solution +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problems +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a boy Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a married woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran by photo Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran in hindi Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran my husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 Love Problem Solution Specialist BENGALI BABA JI +91-9829791419 vashikaran specialist Love vashikaran specialist black magic specialist online black magic specialist get your love back LOVE vashikaran specialist in Andaman & Nicobar Islands , Andhra Pradesh , Arunachal Pradesh , Assam , Bihar , Chandigarh , Chattisgarh , Dadra & Nagar Haveli , Daman & Diu , Delhi , Goa , Gujarat , Haryana , Himachal Pradesh , Jammu & Kashmir , Jharkhand , Karnataka , Kerala , Lakshadweep , Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , Manipur , Meghalaya , Mizoram , Nagaland , Orissa , Pondicherry , Punjab , Rajasthan , Sikkim , Tamil Nadu , Tripura , Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand , West Bengal Blackmagic specialist,vashikaran specialist,intercast love marriage specialist,love problem solutions,blackspells,love spells,voodoo spells,lost love back specialist,bewitchment caster specialist ,witchcraft specialist in:-afghanistan,albania,algeria,angola,argentina,aruba,bahamas,b arbados,belgium,belize,bermuda,bolivia,costa rica,croatia,cuba,czech republic,dominican republic,ecuador,equatorial guinea,greece,greenland,guatemala,guyana,haiti,honduras,hong kong,iran,ireland,israel,jamaica,latvia,luxemberg,morroco,ne therlands,nicargua,panama,papua new guinea,paraguiay,peru,portugal,puerto rica,romania,russia,saint lucia,san marino, urugay,venezuala,paris new zealand,austria,australia, brazil,canada,china,colombia,denmark,finland,france,germany, india,indonesia,italy,malaysia,mexico,nigeria,norway,pakista n,philippines,poland,singapore,south africa,spain,sweden,switzerland,thailand,turkey,united kingdom,united states of america,united arab emireates. Visit My Web Site READ MORE: http://www.disclose.tv/forum/posting.php?mode=post&f=23
index: 87639299
Fuck Beck to make Hannity jealous. Hannity comes in and confesses his love for you. At this time, kill Hannity so you can be free to marry Huckabee. By Huckabee's logic, he goes to hell because he doesn't approve of gay marriage. Beck ends up with a wounded asshole, Hannity is dead, and Huckabee thinks he's going to Hell.
index: 55882638
He supported gay marriage in the 90's, then stopped supporting it for a while because it was politically expedient, now he "reluctantly" (LOL) supports it again (but only because his hand was forced). Obama is a Chicago politician, and is no better when it comes to this kind of stuff than most other politicians.
index: 14938249
I don't know... some of the people in the video certainly may have been trans. Also, straight trans people have marriage rights, and gay trans people want marriage rights... I don't see a reason to assume that trans people are being left out.
index: 14387495
Could you give us a short list of your different political views? Just some of the big topics like gay marriage, abortion, gun control, climate change, immigration, economic policy, foreign policy, etc. would be interesting to see.
index: 21909781
No! Gay men are men who are sexually attracted to men. Gay men are more likely than straight men to have sex with men, but having sex with men is neither necessary nor sufficient to mean a man is gay. A virgin man who is attracted to men is a gay man. A closested man who is attracted to men but married to and having sex with a woman is a gay man. A man who is attracted to women and not attracted to men but has sex with men because there are no women around is a straight man.
index: 57955350
Gay marriage is also off topic, one should only post about them if the situation is somehow related to atheism: For example, if someone posted: "Gay marriage is great!" it would be removed, but if someone posts an article about a bishop saying: "God hates fags!" it wouldn't be.
index: 14685292
Funny thing is, adoption and surrogacy are things that exist (and in the case of lesbian couples, sperm donors) or even, and I might blow your mind here, kids from previous marriages. It's a brave new world out here.
index: 30644915
what is this homo pati. are you not knowings that ghey marrij is aganisit the indian penile code. where is koschan of homo pati or patni? not only it is illigals but also against of indian vulture. ve must all ban this this becaz our vulture is the bast in the wolrd vultures. perhpas you are telling while havings the ghey saks you have torn something ie homo phati. this is easily repaired. go to cobbler on street corner to get stich.
index: 75512686
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 25350579
knew a gay guy who was openly gay, good looking guy but you could tell because he was very soft spoken, contacts in eyes and plugged eyebrows and very woman like body gestures, but he used to be best friends with a girl whom was married and the husband would always make fun of him because of him being gay, well apparently he was bi because the wife would screw the gay guy on the side, and the husband had no clue...i asked the guy why would he do that if hes gay, his reponse...i dont like women but my penis still gets erect when its being sucked, so she screws me for my dick...
index: 26881196
As a Happy married women not on birth control, I can tell you that I find manly men very very attractive. My husband has huge muscles and is meaty. He has a five o'clock beard by 11am. I just think big masculine men have more to offer. Skinny fem guys repulse me, if I wanted that I would have been a lesbian. Oh I love washing away my mans stink. lol
index: 39911495
ALL >>CONTRIY>>muthkarni>BABAJI>specialist 101%GARNTYKE SAATH SOLUTION molvibaba>>+91-9829791419>>chirago dawara>>ilm>>by specialist molviji Uk,usa,kuwait,saudia,dubai,australia,swizreland,newzland,england,canada,london,specialist molvi ji,+91-9829791419>>>inter caste love marriage +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist molvi ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage vashikaran specialist baba ji delhi +91-9829791419 intercaste love marriage love back specialist +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problem solution +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problems +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a boy Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a married woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran by photo Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran in hindi Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran my husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 Love Problem Solution Specialist BENGALI BABA JI +91-9829791419 vashikaran specialist Love vashikaran specialist black magic specialist online black magic specialist get your love back LOVE vashikaran specialist in Andaman & Nicobar Islands , Andhra Pradesh , Arunachal Pradesh , Assam , Bihar , Chandigarh , Chattisgarh , Dadra & Nagar Haveli , Daman & Diu , Delhi , Goa , Gujarat , Haryana , Himachal Pradesh , Jammu & Kashmir , Jharkhand , Karnataka , Kerala , Lakshadweep , Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , Manipur , Meghalaya , Mizoram , Nagaland , Orissa , Pondicherry , Punjab , Rajasthan , Sikkim , Tamil Nadu , Tripura , Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand , West Bengal Blackmagic specialist,vashikaran specialist,intercast love marriage specialist,love problem solutions,blackspells,love spells,voodoo spells,lost love back specialist,bewitchment caster specialist ,witchcraft specialist in:-afghanistan,albania,algeria,angola,argentina,aruba,bahamas,b arbados,belgium,belize,bermuda,bolivia,costa rica,croatia,cuba,czech republic,dominican republic,ecuador,equatorial guinea,greece,greenland,guatemala,guyana,haiti,honduras,hong kong,iran,ireland,israel,jamaica,latvia,luxemberg,morroco,ne therlands,nicargua,panama,papua new guinea,paraguiay,peru,portugal,puerto rica,romania,russia,saint lucia,san marino, urugay,venezuala,paris new zealand,austria,australia, brazil,canada,china,colombia,denmark,finland,france,germany, india,indonesia,italy,malaysia,mexico,nigeria,norway,pakista n,philippines,poland,singapore,south africa,spain,sweden,switzerland,thailand,turkey,united kingdom,united states of america,united arab emireates. Visit My Web Site READ MORE: http://www.disclose.tv/forum/posting.php?mode=post&f=23
index: 29732862
By your logic essentially no politician currently in office anywhere leads by example. Remember when Biden goofed and let slip that he supports gay marriage? Then Obama had to come out in support as well? Such great leadership!
index: 57809531
All I'm saying is that we have to define terms. America being a part of Western society gives historical context to how marriage has been defined. I'm not trying to make a value judgement. I am simply pointing out that if one accepts the traditional definition of marriage, then marriage equality did in fact exist before Friday's decision but did not exist when interracial bans were in place.
index: 15310182
"Adam and Eve, not Adam and Steve" is a clever catchphrase religious people use to discredit the value of gay marriage. The Bible story shows that God created a man and a woman, not two men. Later in the story Adam and Eve have children, Cain and Abel. To explain this joke you'd have to think that Adam and Eve were the only humans on the planet. How then did the world repopulate? Well, Adam and Eve are obvious, but Abel and Cain would have also needed to sleep with Eve in order to have children. So the "Adam and Eve not Eve and Abel" line implies Adam just walked in on an incestuous encounter between his wife and son. The alt then makes reference to the idea that Adam isn't even opposed to gay marriage in the first place.
index: 35656172
I'm a gay man and married to a woman. I'm only attracted to straight guys sadly. I can't fall in love with a gay guy so I married a woman, my best friend. We have two beautiful kids and we are happily married. I don't think I would ever leave her. She's the love of my life.
index: 31111466
Perfect example of this, is the CFO of a company that treated a Chick-fila employee very poorly in the drive thru. Due to the fact that they don't support gay marriage. Edit link Chick-Fil-A Drive-Through Bully Hassles Employee And Gets Fired: https://youtu.be/DqhjFkfDbcg
index: 27089051
"Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work. "
index: 59992842
There is a difference between being anti gay marriage and being anti-gay. Also, can you point me to your source that "She will not admit that at one point she was anti gay and insists that she has always been consistent". I haven't heard that about her, even assuming you mean anti gay marriage.
index: 79343620
They will say what they need to say in order to get elected, similar to Obama first term who didn't support gay marriage. Most people don't even remember Obama's position on gay marriage.
index: 74819365
Understandable. But how are either sides any different? If someone says "I dont believe in gay marriage and think its wrong" and the other says "well your opinion about the issue is wrong" how is either person not being persecuted for their opinion? Does that make sens?
index: 76585994
Because god REALLY hated gays. ~~He even mentioned it in the 10 commandments for christ's sake~~. That's why all good christians want adulterers, murderers, and thieves to not have the right to marry.
index: 71198589
I am a straight married woman that only watches lesbian porn. Those bitches are too hot. I never have had a crush on a girl or have wanted anything romantic. I also have never had sex with a girl. I just like to watch two hot girls go at it to get my rocks off. Then I go hump my husband....
index: 87676987
A fallacy is where whatever you said for your argument doesn't really make sense. For example, if I say we should allow same sex marriage, and then you claim that this will lead to marrying animals, you don't make sense. There is nothing about saying we should allow same sex marriage that must lead us to animal marriage. That's a slippery slope fallacy, where you claim something will lead us to something even worse, so we shouldn't do the first thing. It means you have no real argument against same sex marriage, so you try to make same sex and animal marriages the same and then argue animal marriages are bad so same sex is bad.
index: 51036286
Libertarians are with the Greens and Democrats on social issues (more immigration, yes for gay marriage, end the drug war, etc.). You probably also agree with them on foreign policy. It's economic policy where you disagree.
index: 96240258
"Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work."
index: 72370236
That's fine that you don't want a marriage. But I, as a gay person, want one. If you don't want a legal one then that is absolutely fine, you should have that choice. But if straight people can get married, I should be able to as well.
index: 98230309
I do advocate gay marriage. However, it is not because think gay marriage is right. In fact I'm not sure what to think of it. The idea of it makes me uncomfortable, my family and people from church tell me it is wrong. One thing I have learned from being in church and Christian should my whole life is tha Jesus loved everyone. If I want to be a true Christian, then I should love and accept everyone for who they are. So I do. Gay people are people, so they should have every right that everyone else has.
index: 48182241
I see gay marriage as a sin. I see adultery as a sin. I see murder as a sin. Obviously the only one that is a "crime" now a days is murder. Even if things that I distinguish as a sin, people will still do said sin. It's more of a "I don't agree with what you are doing, but you are free to do what you please on this Earth."
index: 56342333
Viva Las Vegas Wedding Chapel provides best Traditional Las Vegas Weddings, Elvis Style Weddings and Themed based Style Weddings in Las Vegas. We also provide same-sex marriage in Nevada. So come join with us when it's time to celebrate your marriage.
index: 26612261
What is the line between my moral objection to gay marriage and my moral objection to abortion? Since they believe either one sends you to hell, how could one moral objection be any more viable than the other?
index: 63461500
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead. It lets people know you're not a homo. A married guy seems more stable. People see the ring, they think, "At least somebody can stand the son of a bitch." Ladies see the ring, they know immediately that you must have some cash, and your cock must work.
index: 61932132
So the civil rights movement and womens rights movement and the hippie movements and the gay marriage movement are all NOT cukturally disenfranchised? Go read a history book, any history book.
index: 78602651
hahaha. Egg>Egg-substitute though, British or not. Can we refer to all extraneous love interests as Eggs? Like Tahlia can be Married Lesbian Egg. Travis was Tow Truck Egg. Jake was Karate Egg. So on, and so forth.
index: 94379703
Because it affects society in general. We know an alcoholic abuse parent has an affect on his/her children. We also know that children who are raised in single parents homes are affected by that. Why wouldn't Gay marriage and the right for gays to adopt affect a child? And children grow up and they affect society.
index: 93331362
Case in point: Barack Obama. He only came out in support of gay marriage when it was politically expedient. I don't doubt his sincerity. People can do a thing like change their minds. The ones whose positions never change are the ones we should be concerned about.
index: 19722775
I'm a queer female and my male friend is gay and we always used to say we were married. No one ever got mad at us. I have another lesbian friend who calls her gay male friend her husband and he calls her his wife.
index: 39061906
I mean, I don't see why Christians would want to kill anyone. As a whole, Christianity may see homosexuality or same-sex marriages as wrong, but there's no official Christian teaching that I'm aware of that says Christians should kill anyone, homosexuals included. Christian teachings say all lives matter, which is also why Christians are against abortion, because they believe it is taking a life away from someone.
index: 78290315
Iirc, Obama coming out in favor of gay marriage when he did had to do with Biden coming out in favor of gay marriage. Obama was waiting to do it, but then Biden announced he was in favor of gay marriage, and then Obama came out in favor of it a couple days later. So hopefully Old Diamond Joe will come out in favor of pot, too.
index: 34723262
"Cultural Marxism" is nothing more than a dumb conspiracy theory. There are no nefarious plans out there to "destroy the family unit." If anything, the focus on gay marriage actually *reenforces* traditional family units because they define meaningful relationships through the very traditional idea of marriage, as well as reenforcing that a marriage is only between two people (as opposed to the practice of polygyny). And the ideas around "Cultural Marxism" are based on Euro-American Christianity and national religion, so again I'm perplexed as to why Muslims would support the idea.
index: 87285535
Wait, huh? I'm a Christian and I've always been taught to love every single person on earth, no matter what. And I mean no matter what. I might can understand why they say towards gays because of the marriage thing, but women? And please understand a true Christian doesn't hate gays at all. A true Christian, like I said, loves everyone. I hate people think this way.
index: 79260375
"Gay people shouldn't be allowed to get married" or "Gay people are gross. Like ew why would you do that" OR "People choose to be gay" I mean I'm straight, but some people are so dumb. Ermahgerd
index: 47407470
Why should Churches be forced to marry gays when there should be plenty of other places where gays should be able to get married. Why should churches be forced to do something they're not supposed to do when there should be other channels to marry gays (´・ω・`)
index: 61344675
I think you'd see a lot more backlash from this move, from both the straight and LGBT communities. The religious and conservative right see LGBT marriages as an attack on the institution of marriage, so disbanding it would prove them right. And the LGBT community wants the same rights and equality as the straight community, so taking away the representative value of marriage and demoting everyone to this life partnership really destroys the entire journey this battle for equal civil rights has been working for.
index: 47645442
Christians will say that the story of Adam and Eve is the archetype for how God wants marriages to be, therefore making gay marriage a crime against God's Will. Remember, it's Adam and Eve, not Adam and...not Adam and...well, not Eve and Evette!
index: 71096492
You do realize up until two years ago that gay people did not even have the right to marriage. They did not always have the same rights as straight people. And no one is giving them extra rights, people are giving them equal rights.
index: 17300612
Bhai Amreeka ne kiya hai toh hum bhi karenge. Hai na? Amreeka mein kuch jagah homosexual marriage legal hai. yahan pe kab legal hoga? aur kya BJP kabhi legal karwayegi?
index: 60078430
Good for them. They should probably be aware that their savior Hillary didn't even support Gay Marriage until it became politically expedient to do so. If that's the kind of politician they want to support, then more power to them. I will support the candidate who has been right from the start.
index: 92040465
But you were wrong. While I have no problem with gay marriage, you were completely wrong to say anyone is advocating different laws for gay and straight people. Straight people cannot marry someone of the same sex, either.
index: 59159809
Je trouve ça assez dingue toute l'énergie déployée contre le marriage gay... C'est bon, c'est fait. La faim dans le monde, les sans abris, la disparition des pandas mignons... tellement autre chose à faire que protester contre une loi qui sera jamais révoquée.
index: 95022594
I completely agree. this is the whole point. don't want an abortion? don't get an abortion. don't want to get gay married? don't get gay married. why does something that has zero effect on your life, completely rule it?
index: 39139837
Did your mother assume that you were a lesbian too? I got the "you don't wear make up, you have short hair, I knew you were a lesbian." Except she didn't say lesbian, and used a lot more obscenities. I still don't wear make up, have long hair, am married to a man and don't speak to her anymore.
index: 57890711
Slippery slope is not a valid argument and it's weird to hear gay people use that argument. Slippery slope is the same argument that people against gay marriage used because they claimed if we allowed gay people to marry, then we have to allow polygamous marriages and marriages to animals and inanimate objects. Just because we allow one thing, it doesn't mean we have to allow any other horrible thing you can think of. Laws can be written in ways to be specific about what we are intending to do.
index: 57874451
Do you not judge a person because they believe in Christianity or religion in general? Also i support gay marriage i believe that its your choice. Ok i can see that and in some cases yes it is a problem. but just because someone believes in a religion should not discount them from election. otherwise it would not be balanced.
index: 81731878
I have never had any intent to be tolerant of everyone, even if they are tolerant of me. Even if a believer accepts my atheism, they will still often go out and argue for teaching of creationism in schools, the banning of gay marriage, and will continue to teach their children misinformation to continue the ignorance and restrict science. This does not mean I cannot be nice and respectful towards people with other beliefs than mine, but I am NOT obligated to respect or be tolerant of the beliefs.
index: 65769983
Consider true polygamy -- one straight man married to two straight women: I would differentiate this from the case where the two women happen to be bisexual and are married to each other as well! Also, from the case where Sheila, a bisexual woman, is married to Alice, a lesbian female partner and Brian, a straight male partner... I believe that a combination of n-ary unions with no uniqueness constraint on the no. of marriages that one can be part of would be needed for this purpose.
index: 21240001
Well I don't like how homosexuals want to marry but throw it in your face. Its no better than extremist religious groups shoving their ideals down peoples throats. People need to live their life and leave others alone.
index: 31976812
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead. It lets people know you're not a homo. A married guy seems more stable. People see the ring, they think, "At least somebody can stand the son of a bitch." Ladies see the ring, they know immediately that you must have some cash, and your cock must work.
index: 62130650
I hate when people think this. The poor thing just makes no sense, and just because we don't agree with homosexual marriage, doesn't mean we hate gays. A Christian is supposed to show the love of God and our own personal love to every type of person, even if we don't agree with their life style.
index: 93635369
Obama also said while campaigning that he didn't support same-sex marriages, and recently spoke at a rally in NY in favor of them, soon before they were made legal here. All politicians say things in hopes of being elected, even if they don't mean it.
index: 65986803
Careful saying "right." The loudest pro-gun supports in my life are either ambivalent on gay marriage or outright in favor of allowing it. Most of the Ron Paul crowd and the Libertarian crowd are very anti-gun control and pro-gay marriage.
index: 16554630
Too many Mother's Day posts to actually see any posts on the gay marriage news. Like, I have seen literally zero posts on it except from like 1 gay friend.
index: 16813078
Either it was politically expedient for him to claim not to support gay marriage, or it was politically expedient for him to not support DOMA. I think his overall posture on gay rights while in office (dota, etc) lends support to the former view.
index: 79252809
But it's still intolerance. We are intolerant of their belief that the government should only sanction marriage between one man and one woman. Our view is that gay marriage doesn't hurt them or society. They don't agree with that. You say that standard only exists in their minds -- that is true, but that is true of *any* moral standard.
index: 55078474
I'm saying people like OP are teaching tolerance, but only if they have the exact same view point. For instance, I can't say I don't believe in gay marriage and I think it is wrong and a sin, but they can express the opposite view point with no problem. You can't be tolerant unless their are different view points...
index: 62004051
business owners also shouldn't be forced to hire or keep employees that wont do their job. Refusing service to gays and unmarried couples is now a protected religious right. In other words, you now have a big group of employees that are legally protected from doing their jobs.
index: 13249773
I am sorry, but I must disagree with you. I do not believe that someone is necessarily stupid because of an opinion they hold. Marginalizing someone based on an opinion they hold is the exact same thing people against gay marriage do/did.
index: 55972439
According to my family law professor, no. Since common law marriage is rooted in historical practices, and same sex marriage did not exist previously, it has no historical foundation to fall with the common law marriage definition.
index: 36618355
Yeah but like, most of the gay marriage arguments DO justify polyamory and incest. They don't really justify bestiality but basically any marriage that takes place between two consenting adults would be justified by gay marriage arguments. I'm not sure how fallacious that slope is in this case.
index: 69963203
The president has nothing to do with it. It's the oil cartel that wants gas prices to be a non-issue. If the prices are on their way down that makes people happy about gas prices, so everyone will talk about more frivolous topics like gay marriage and abortion and the campaign will be about those issue and not oil/gas prices.
index: 20851572
Comments like these make me wonder how anyone can say that gay people are ruining the sanctity of marriage. Cheating, lying, domestic abuse, divorce at 60%...yeah, they aren't they ones ruining marriage.
index: 40464767
I mean that they vote based on strong moral beliefs. Unfortunately, usually they're voting to force their strong moral beliefs down other people's throats, like with abortion, gay marriage, prayer in school, etc, but just because they're dumb beliefs and trying to force them on us doesn't mean they're not moral values.
index: 88367117
No it isn't, you're saying it's a slippery slope. I never said there was a slope to begin with. A slippery slope argument is more like "Well if you let gay people marry, then how long will it be before we can marry animals?"
index: 64187480
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead. It lets people know you're not a homo. A married guy seems more stable. People see the ring, they think 'at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch.' Ladies see the ring, they know immediately that you must have some cash, and your cock must work.
index: 69803693
Seconding Ragnarok Online! There are also private servers that allow same-sex marriages. I'm not sure whether the official servers have implemented it, but if you want to play for free you'll be looking for a private server anyway.
index: 17519661
I feel we have the same mentality of things (disagree but tolerate), though I'm on the side of believing gay marriage isn't bad. But may I ask what it is about gay marriage you don't agree with? Is it a religious reason or something else? I usually try to see both sides of an argument, and in this case, outside of religion, I couldn't come up with anything, so I'm curious as to what might be fueling the disagreement.
index: 92230083
HAHA! What a putz! I wonder if this will get any media coverage. I also wonder if he can come up with a moving personal narrative about how he came to realize the true evils of gay marriage, despite his past opinions.
index: 67143996
Wordplay. Baseless assertions. Left is only useful as a concept if it's the negation of right. Gay marriage is a very useful concept and is not the negation of the old idea of marriage but its expansion and generalization through the deletion an irrelevant stipulation, "one man, one woman".
index: 80424570
Meray 1 dost k peechay 1 married women peechay lagi hoi hai...uski relative hi hai...wo married bandi bas emotional cheating karna chathi hai...meray dost ki phati pari hai k agar khandan mai kisi ko pata chal gya to ghar walay kisi ko moun dikhahnay k qabil nhi rahay gay.
index: 18503775
I agree. The largest issue of "gay rights" is the right to marry. With the civil rights movement, it was about fighting for a plethora of rights not limited to marriage. They fought for the right to be looked upon as equal in all areas of society.
index: 41389923
Abortion isn't an economic issue. Gay Marriage isn't an economic issue. Voter ID isn't an economic issue. Climate change that has severe economic consequences and hinges on economic policy most certainly IS an economic issue. Its also a human health issue. Its not a simple environmental issue because it involves science.
index: 85486181
This is like saying "if we let gay people marry then people will start wanting to be able to marry their dogs". A slippery slope fallacy, we can't negate a logical thing under the illogical assumption that it will escalate in such a way
index: 74123345
"Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work."
index: 29443534
Yes and of course that is the only time in recent history that we have been told you are with us or against us. Really? I've been called a hateful bigot recently for not agreeing with others views completely and it wasn't on Sunday morning. Care to explain that? Please don't be an idiot and feign ignorance either. Be careful before you reply you might accidentally speak "bigot talk". In case you are brain dead I speak of the same sex marriage issue. I don't like bush but I dislike people like you just as much. Hypocrisy is not just a river in Egypt.
index: 35314333
I would say Biden did a good job in championing progressive causes from the VP chair. He came out in support of gay marriage literally days before Obama, many actually crediting Biden with being the push on Obama to confirm it publicly.
index: 72529537
If you don't live in my country, you have no business shitting on the south like that, even if they do somewhat deserve that reputation. You Aussies are just as bad as we are, with your cocky attitude and slaughter of native peoples. Also, I live in a liberal New England state, and we have plenty of "inbred retards" up here too. I support gay marriage, I voted to decriminalize pot, and yet I do indeed get a boner when I kill a deer or harvest veggies from my garden.
index: 87901253
As long as they aren't using for either gay or straight, who the hell cares? Let the straight people get pissed off and change things or everyone can keep going over county over to get married. I personally don't see any reason to get upset unless you live there.
index: 69377525
While the gay rights debate isn't the same as the civil rights movement of the 50s and 60s, it is still a civil rights movement because we're fighting for things like protections from employment and housing discrimination as well as hate crimes. Marriage is just one of many things we're fighting for.
index: 84951288
Not very unless something happens to thrust it to the fore front. Normally the issues are the economy, foreign policy, immigration, and maybe some moral cultural issue. e.g. gay marriage or drugs.
index: 27503286
Well it's my lesbian best friend so we would actually get along pretty well....I'm also gay so that obsession with straight married guys that gay guys seem to have would mean I would be swimming in dick. So pretty well haha
index: 51229552
Ron Paul definitely holds many libertarian views, but he doesn't speak for all libertarians. Obviously I don't either, but I think it's a stretch to say our support of gay marriage is weak. We effectively wanted gays, polygamists, and anyone else to be able to get married. I would look to the views of the candidates of the LP.
index: 73479638
Okay so if gay marriage is a 'type' of marriage, that means there is an umbrella term - "marriage" - containing it. If you argue that saying "gay marriage" should not only be valid, but *necessary*, then it should also be neccesary to identify other 'types' under the umbrella of "marriage". Are you going to start saying "straight marriage" now? I mean, it serves a neutral purpose which makes sense - the mentioning of the category of sexual orientation should not be "censored", that is.
index: 15515920
The current political situation in the US tends to divide based on economic issues more than social issues. There are social conservatives on both sides, though they often pick different areas to push in (gay marriage vs. video game censorship).
index: 46123544
If you look at the right you'll see huge amounts of government involvement on issues (e.g. abortion, gay marriage, War on Drugs, etc.) I think [this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Worlds-Smallest-Political-Quiz.svg) is a good tool to understand the political spectrum.
index: 12906233
I have received nothing but love, inspiration and strength from gay man. Sure, I have never been on apps but every gay man I have talked or heard of, were great man. especially the married gay men. You will know why they are married when you hear them talk.married Gay men has become my inspiration.straight man and women have been great too
index: 37528759
The pity trip is uncalled for. Gays are massively overrepresented among the elite. A more accurate story would tell of downtrodden masses trying to uphold their ancestors' definition of marriage against the intelligentsia's whims du jour.
index: 40831989
Yeah dude, it's really tough and masculine to be a sloppy pig. You should write for Bud Light commercials or lousy sitcoms- your philosophy is perfect for that kind of tripe! I've always had a clean apartment, and I'm definitely not gay. Doing housework = being a grownup. Thinking housework is for sissies = being a pampered mama's boy who gets married so he can have a new mommy to do his work for him.
index: 92427518
No, actually, he didn't. He was forced to say that he supported gay marriage because Joe Biden opened his mouth out of party line. Obama was FORCED to support gay marriage by Biden, don't be disingenuous. The only president that ever supported gay marriage on their own is President Trump.
index: 51557347
Can we really say that a man who is gay is cheating on a woman he's married to? Cheating, to me, assumes that there's some sort of romantic relationship which is being violated. I don't think there's much of a romantic relationship between a gay man and a straight woman.
index: 29516916
Every time I play, I'm like "this time, she's going to end up with a guy" and then...a pretty girl sim (or a sim with a cool name, or a girl sim that talks to me, or....) and next thing I know, she's married to another girl and they're adopting a child and getting married. And I'm not even gay, I'm bi...
index: 15735731
I support gay marriage because I don't think it's America's place to try to enforce the ideas of a religion which is not the country's official religion, especially when it specifically says it shall not hinder **or establish** any religion, and when the religion in question says nothing about forcing your beliefs onto those who do not share them.
index: 64839973
Straight people getting gay married too would be a bit oxymoronic, would it not? And yet again another failure to answer the question I'm asking...It is a very simple question I've asked and so far no-one here has given anything even approaching an answer.
index: 51899589
Yes, sorry. I meant to say "the president can't do much on" same sex marriage and abortion. As far as I know, at least. That's why I'm much more interested in a candidate's stance on money in politics, the drug war, foreign policy, etc.
index: 91499001
OMG yes. She didn't answer a single question. And he called her out on it. Props to him. Every single question he asked was responded with "America is being lead in the wrong direction with Obama....". And when asked about appointees, he asked if gay marriage was a litmus test when approaching canidates for office she would appoint, and she deflected and claimed she would appoint people that are constitutionalists. He called her out on that one too, but not enough. He should just keep going. He should have said, "I will not go on to another question until you answer this one."
index: 57413505
ALL >>CONTRIY>>muthkarni>BABAJI>specialist 101%GARNTYKE SAATH SOLUTION molvibaba>>+91-9829791419>>chirago dawara>>ilm>>by specialist molviji Uk,usa,kuwait,saudia,dubai,australia,swizreland,newzland,england,canada,london,specialist molvi ji,+91-9829791419>>>inter caste love marriage +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist molvi ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage vashikaran specialist baba ji delhi +91-9829791419 intercaste love marriage love back specialist +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problem solution +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problems +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a boy Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a married woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran by photo Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran in hindi Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran my husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 Love Problem Solution Specialist BENGALI BABA JI +91-9829791419 vashikaran specialist Love vashikaran specialist black magic specialist online black magic specialist get your love back LOVE vashikaran specialist in Andaman & Nicobar Islands , Andhra Pradesh , Arunachal Pradesh , Assam , Bihar , Chandigarh , Chattisgarh , Dadra & Nagar Haveli , Daman & Diu , Delhi , Goa , Gujarat , Haryana , Himachal Pradesh , Jammu & Kashmir , Jharkhand , Karnataka , Kerala , Lakshadweep , Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , Manipur , Meghalaya , Mizoram , Nagaland , Orissa , Pondicherry , Punjab , Rajasthan , Sikkim , Tamil Nadu , Tripura , Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand , West Bengal Blackmagic specialist,vashikaran specialist,intercast love marriage specialist,love problem solutions,blackspells,love spells,voodoo spells,lost love back specialist,bewitchment caster specialist ,witchcraft specialist in:-afghanistan,albania,algeria,angola,argentina,aruba,bahamas,b arbados,belgium,belize,bermuda,bolivia,costa rica,croatia,cuba,czech republic,dominican republic,ecuador,equatorial guinea,greece,greenland,guatemala,guyana,haiti,honduras,hong kong,iran,ireland,israel,jamaica,latvia,luxemberg,morroco,ne therlands,nicargua,panama,papua new guinea,paraguiay,peru,portugal,puerto rica,romania,russia,saint lucia,san marino, urugay,venezuala,paris new zealand,austria,australia, brazil,canada,china,colombia,denmark,finland,france,germany, india,indonesia,italy,malaysia,mexico,nigeria,norway,pakista n,philippines,poland,singapore,south africa,spain,sweden,switzerland,thailand,turkey,united kingdom,united states of america,united arab emireates. Visit My Web Site READ MORE: http://www.disclose.tv/forum/posting.php?mode=post&f=23
index: 17184825
Pro-abortion doesn't mean you like abortions or that you think people should get them. It means you think people should be able to get them if they want to. If you are pro-gay marriage, it doesn't mean you think all gay people should get married.
index: 44107916
Orrr she's simply bi as I said. It's not like a man that is completely straight will one day just marry another guy. Or a completely gay guy will one day end up being straight. It's pretty obvious she's bi. It fits, because a bisexual person can be attracted to females and then be attracted to a male, someone who is 100% gay won't just turn straight, you can't just CHANGE that as you wish. Either you're gay, or you're just bi, like she is.
index: 25259067
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead; lets people know you're not a homo. Married guy seems more stable. People see the ring, they think 'at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch'. Ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 86039802
Of course this is gay rights. The rights of LGBT people includes the right to live freely without persecution. The LGBT rights movements didn't start by calling for marriage equality, they had to fight for the right to live freely, before anything else.
index: 33879853
So you recon these people are escaping Islamic countries to racist western societies in search of or to create Islamic paradise that contravenes with Islamic doctrines of gender equality, womens, gay rights, genital mutilation, child marriages, deaths of apostate and blasphemers. How does this kind of brainwashing work in the 21 century. Irony of it all...
index: 46729743
No, calling someone a "troll" has an almost quaint feel about it. These are political hacks and almost certainly a scourge the likes of which "Homosexuals" and "Terrorists" (talking points, not suggesting holosexuals are an actual threat to the "sanctity" of marriage) can't begin to rival in how dangerous they truly are to society whether they realize, or care about, it at all.
index: 49098854
If anything that's the only thing that makes sense to be hung up on. The gay marriage doesn't really affect anybody's life besides the people living it. If life starts at conception, then abortion is murder. It's really that simple. If someone believes that then it makes sense to be angry about it.
index: 57753787
The Constitution doesn't grant equal emotions for all, it grants equal rights. Right now, gays and straights have the same marriage rights. Doesn't matter how you feel about it, the facts still stand. The gay activist community should actually be fighting for "new rights," as that is what they are actually fighting for.
index: 83479531
"Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work."
index: 21153798
Obama said multiple times that he doesn't personally support gay marriage. Same with Joe Biden. And actually same for Trump himself. Not so much his administration but he himself said he thinks it's settles law and doesn't care to change that. But he doesn't "believe in it" himself
index: 47565689
First off, I don't get offended by drawing parallels. But at the same time, I don't see them being synonymous either. Gay marriage is not the same as the civil rights movement as a whole. The virtues are the same, but that can be said of any civil rights movement. What is it about the black civil rights movement that makes it so special?
index: 81138408
I would argue that gay marriage, abortion, and climate change are some pretty real issues. I think the problem is the way the mass media plays up these issues in a way that makes American's somehow think that these are the ONLY issues.
index: 93937190
There's a difference between simply being personally opposed to gay marriage compared to going so far as to support a bill to *ban* gay marriage. Hillary supported a bill to ban gay marriage. She deserves to be attacked for it.
index: 93460568
While there is significant overlap between what lies beneath moral panic and what lies beneath boogeymen, moral panic is typically caused by a perceived INTERNAL social threat, such as drugs, homosexuality, interracial marriage, etc.
index: 25405053
If you look at Canadian laws regarding gay marriage and compare them to American laws regarding gay marriage you have to wonder if the lack of hateful rhetoric in Canada was a partial reason for the progressiveness of the laws.
index: 16295714
I'm about 60% straight, I dig girls, I've been in lesbian relationships, I typically find more women attractive than I do men, but I'm married to a guy and have had way more long term relationships with men. I get along better with men I suppose, or maybe I just pick crazy women.
index: 90711529
I know right? It pisses me off so much that the NRA didn't fight for gay marriage, or against warrantless wiretaps, or for freedom from stop and frisk. I mean, if you fight for one right you are required to fight for all of them, right?
index: 98447589
I'm a girl who can appreciate other girls. But I wouldn't call myself bisexual either. To me, I see sexuality as who you can partner up with. I know there are poly relationships and many other things, but I'm trying to keep this simple. Example, if a man told me he was gay I would assume if he ever wanted to marry he'd marry a man. If a man told me he was straight I would assume if he wanted to marry he'd marry a woman. If a man told me he was bisexual I would assume he'd be fine with marrying a man or a woman if he chose to marry. Which is why I don't identify myself as bisexual. I don't ever see myself marrying or partnering up with a girl. This is how I view things. Maybe your wife is similar.
index: 34180339
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead. Lets people know you're not a homo, married guy seems more stable, people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch. Ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 86130596
People apathetic to politics will stay apathetic to politics. Especially when there's a good chance the issue doesn't make a difference to them. How will gay marriage affect the average heterosexual either way? There's no good reason to *not* be apathetic. Personally, I'm straight and I think the current setup of marriage is inequitable, but most don't.
index: 42921449
Ya, I mean I am a full supporter of gay and equal rights. I'm proud that our state was the first to allow gay marriage. However, you can't say out of one side of your face that you want equal rights then out of the other side claim that you're superior to equal rights and that disenfranchisement is your goal. What an idiotic movement and an insult to anyone who put in any real work in attaining equal rights for homosexuals.
index: 82422392
the point is most people just parrot whatever they're told and do whatever they're told. Homosexuality is bad and why? Because Bible. Gay marriage is also bad because bible. Doesn't matter whether its right or wrong those people have 'blind' devotion. They don't think about it they just do it.
index: 81377809
Gay marriage. I think if they want to be miserable like some married couples I see then I don't see how it affects me since I'm never going to meet them anyway as I don't know them... Yes gays should be allowed to get married.
index: 91901674
They're a die-hard Catholic. I saw all of his other posts about church and his posting bible verses, etc. Although this post doesn't show any of the hateful actions of the person that it portrays, I have seen the posts that they were referring to. They were going into other pages specifically and picking fights with people and posting comments on the wall about things that no one was even bringing up. They were being called a bigot for a reason, not because they just didn't like gay marriage.
index: 46539181
Let me preface this by saying I'm for gay rights and voted no on 8. I was just curious how someone would approach this argument: A friend of mine was arguing about two people in love being able to marry. He then went on to say, why shouldn't three people in love be able to marry each other or four and so on. I wasn't able to respond because I think that two consenting adults, regardless of sex, who are in love should be able to marry. I couldn't come up with a valid argument against polygamy.
index: 67664673
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 80077297
his son sure looked gay, with the pair of earrings and the decidedly NON rockstar appearance and demeanor and sound otherwise (effeminate). i wonder if he's one of those gays who thinks it's heroic to choose that he is evil and so denies it and gets married (he did) and have kids (he did), then later get picked up in some bathroom by cops who 'think' that is a law enforcement priority. what a fucking mess this nation is.
index: 61556478
People who use the bible as a reason to deny others rights, like gay marriage, but either haven't read their bible or just choose to ignore other parts of it. Like not eating bacon, no tattoos, or all the rules about how to treat a slave. It's fine if you want to follow the bible, but you better know your stuff and not be cherry picking.
index: 79428903
''J'ai espoir que le peuple québécois soit un pionnier d'un changement politique occidental. '' Et de quel changement parles-tu? Le vrai changement politique qui se produit dans le monde est pour la liberté. Les Québecois comme d'habitude en demande moins, je ne vois pas en quoi on va inspirer la planète avec notre socialisme. Si tu veux voire de quoi a l'aire le mouvement dont je parles, regarde la course pour la nomination du partie républicain au État-Unis, les deux candidat qui sont en liste pour gagner represente exactment le mouvement du quel on devrait s'inspirer au Québec, soit l'establishment contre Ron Paul, un libertarian qui veux abolir la FED, legaliser les drogues, legaliser le marriages gay, ramener l'armée Americaines, au État-Unis et en finir avec les guerres au terrorist et couper 1 trillion par année dans l'armée.
index: 18026429
I upvoted you for your *enlightened* views. I respect that. But I have to know, what is your stance on gay marriage, stem cell research, and evolution being taught in public schools, and "creationist theory" ignored entirely (science in schools for science class)? I am not asking these question to be dick or anything, I genuinely respect your point of view, and wish others were so understanding, but a lot of the religion vs. "atheism" arguments come from questions like these
index: 91928903
If she was actually a lesbian. You would think a woman married to another woman would mean she likes women, right? Apparently not in all cases. She is happily remarried to a man with lots of kids now.
index: 10694956
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 35850547
Athletes don't just answer every question their asked. They pick and choose what they want to answer. Saying "he just answered the question" isn't a very good defense. If he didn't want to express his views about gay marriage he could have just ignored or evaded the question. But you know, maybe he just wasn't thinking and accidentally let it slip when he should have known better.
index: 27908759
I don't think gay "marriage" devalues anyone else's marriage. This isn't a values issue for me. I'm concerned for society and want to preserve and protect its traditional structure which is based on the nuclear family only. I don't feel that my marriage isunder attack, but I do feel the society I grew up in is.
index: 28673291
I am going to be candid for a second. Personally I am undecided about gay marriage as I have yet to figure out where I stand. That being said, I think this narrative that the gay rights movement is a continuation of the black civil rights movement is a vast overstatement. Frankly, I don't even think the gay rights movement is the most pressing "rights movement" in the country today.
index: 14667052
As a Muslim, i am offended by these other "Muslims," they are way off the path. It is not a Muslims duty to judge, kill, or force ANYONE to do anything. A muslim's duty is to worship god and inform others, if others choose to not believe, then that is their decision. I have many friends that are Atheist, Christian, Jewish, Buddhist, etc... And I love and respect every one of them. I also have friends that are homosexuals as well, and while I do not agree with their lifestyle or even in gay marriage, I am not stopping them from doing anything. They all know my feelings and they respect my opinion as much as I respect their rights as human beings to do whatever they want. Muslims are supposed to adhere to the laws of where they live, unless they are against Islam. I can't think of any law anywhere that would force me to do something that I am not allowed to do according to god. Sure there are laws that allow things that are forbidden in Islam, but they are not forcing anyone to do those things. Peace.
index: 14377695
ALL >>CONTRIY>>muthkarni>BABAJI>specialist 101%GARNTYKE SAATH SOLUTION molvibaba>>+91-9829791419>>chirago dawara>>ilm>>by specialist molviji Uk,usa,kuwait,saudia,dubai,australia,swizreland,newzland,england,canada,london,specialist molvi ji,+91-9829791419>>>inter caste love marriage +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist molvi ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage vashikaran specialist baba ji delhi +91-9829791419 intercaste love marriage love back specialist +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problem solution +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problems +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a boy Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a married woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran by photo Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran in hindi Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran my husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 Love Problem Solution Specialist BENGALI BABA JI +91-9829791419 vashikaran specialist Love vashikaran specialist black magic specialist online black magic specialist get your love back LOVE vashikaran specialist in Andaman & Nicobar Islands , Andhra Pradesh , Arunachal Pradesh , Assam , Bihar , Chandigarh , Chattisgarh , Dadra & Nagar Haveli , Daman & Diu , Delhi , Goa , Gujarat , Haryana , Himachal Pradesh , Jammu & Kashmir , Jharkhand , Karnataka , Kerala , Lakshadweep , Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , Manipur , Meghalaya , Mizoram , Nagaland , Orissa , Pondicherry , Punjab , Rajasthan , Sikkim , Tamil Nadu , Tripura , Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand , West Bengal Blackmagic specialist,vashikaran specialist,intercast love marriage specialist,love problem solutions,blackspells,love spells,voodoo spells,lost love back specialist,bewitchment caster specialist ,witchcraft specialist in:-afghanistan,albania,algeria,angola,argentina,aruba,bahamas,b arbados,belgium,belize,bermuda,bolivia,costa rica,croatia,cuba,czech republic,dominican republic,ecuador,equatorial guinea,greece,greenland,guatemala,guyana,haiti,honduras,hong kong,iran,ireland,israel,jamaica,latvia,luxemberg,morroco,ne therlands,nicargua,panama,papua new guinea,paraguiay,peru,portugal,puerto rica,romania,russia,saint lucia,san marino, urugay,venezuala,paris new zealand,austria,australia, brazil,canada,china,colombia,denmark,finland,france,germany, india,indonesia,italy,malaysia,mexico,nigeria,norway,pakista n,philippines,poland,singapore,south africa,spain,sweden,switzerland,thailand,turkey,united kingdom,united states of america,united arab emireates. Visit My Web Site READ MORE: http://www.disclose.tv/forum/posting.php?mode=post&f=23
index: 34233327
I don't know, I'm not some kind of marriage expert. I don't care about marriage, I'm not one of the idiots who are like "ZOMFG HOMOZ ARE RUINING TEH SANCTITY OF MARRIAGE!1!!". I just get annoyed because it seems that everything now days is a "right".
index: 38076080
Not op but I may be able to answer. This is America. If we can do something legally why shouldn't it be allowed? Gay marriage is a good metaphor imo, if you don't want to marry a gay person don't do it. There's no reason they can't do something because you don't like it, right?
index: 43767405
De quelle vision parles-tu? Je suis albertain mais j'ai passé une grande partie de ma vie au Québec, et je ne remarque aucune différence dans le niveau de tolérance entre les québécois et les albertains en ce qui concerne le marriage homosexuel. Personnellement, je suis homosexuel et je suis aussi à l'aise à exprimer ma sexualité ici qu'au Québec. Vraiment je questionne la validité de cette carte, parce que d'après mon expérience personnelle et de ce que je vois ailleurs sur Internet et dans la média d'ici, au moins 80% (ou bien plus) de la population albertaine est pour les unions de même sexe. Oui, il y a des cowboys en Alberta, mais c'pas le Texas- un fait que le reste du Canada oublie souvent, apparement.
index: 65168057
Politics. Politics. Politics. Politics. Politics. Film industry. Politics. Politics. Multinationals. Politics. Politics. Politics. Chinese money. Politics. Politics. The property market, negative gearing. Politics. Politics. Politics. Politics. Green energy. Politics. Politics. Cannabis. Politics. Politics. Gay marriage. Politics. Gender politics. Politics. Politics. Politics...
index: 73596193
Gays aren't fighting for marriage because it's the easiest thing to do, they're fighting for it because it's the right thing to do. And no, a bigot is not someone who is trying to force their opinion on someone else, a bigot is someone who believes that a certain group of people is inferior to other people. Opinions can be wrong. Yours is.
index: 33885428
Well then there's Hillary who has always been for things and never said otherwise, even when she was recorded on video as being against them. Like gay marriage which she was opposed to, but said recently that she supports and has always supported it. She makes no mistakes with her email servers either.
index: 49017576
Fundamentally, the right to form coequal legal relations ought to be available to homosexuals as a matter of Due Process. That is, we're getting confused about what a right is. A right is not susceptible to plebiscite. If it were, it would be superfluous qua right. The "people" of California, Arkansas, Florida, etc., can no more vote on the rights of homosexuals to marry than they can vote on the rights of Jews or Puerto Ricans, for example, to speak or to associate. The entire point of a right is to protect minorities from majority tyranny. These ballot measures, as a vehicle to attack an individual right, are extremely dangerous not only to the rights of homosexuals, but also to all other individual rights.
index: 92880764
Exactly, it affects no one not directly involved with the marriage. If you're some GoodHonestChristian™ who doesn't like the idea of gay marriage, don't fucking get married to a gay person. It's that simple. Like the fact that it was even up for debate for so long is ridiculous, it affects no one other than the two gay people getting married. Who cares if two gay people get married, it literally does not matter or affect anyone but the two people getting married.
index: 10173162
What's with all the vile people coming out of the woodwork over the gay marriage vote? It seems like every comment thread on every page on FB the comments just bashing gays seems to be the top comment on every one. Is there a bot network running this? It seems to be such an explosion of bigotry lately
index: 10985946
Can someone give me a reason why I should care if two gay folks want to get married? Because I really don't. Can someone also tell me why I should even care in the first place?
index: 14530721
I know someone who was a lesbian all her life, then fell in love with a man and married him and had a kid. She still seems to find other women attractive rather than other men: her husband is the only man she finds attractive. Weird how the world works, sometimes.
index: 91080828
And it is freedom from consequences if the government is your employer. Especially if it's political speech. If back in 1950 I said I support gay marriage and was fired from a government job for supporting gay rights vocally, I constitutionally could not be fired.
index: 39032912
I worded that really badly sorry. What I mean is that I don't go around constantly telling gay people to change or they go to hell, cause my faith tells me to love and accept everyone which I like to think I do. I just fundamentally disagree with a gay marriage in a Church and personally believe that homosexual acts are a sin, but I can't control it.
index: 50462196
Right, fix inequality. You should also expand rights. I have as much right to marry the same sex as much as gay folk, but that doesn't mean we didn't have equal rights. The government simply expanded rights, not fix inequality.
index: 99347452
Corporate America uses LGBT rights in fucking TV ads. If there were a true struggle maybe it would be different. But the main difference between full LGBT rights is not very different from what we have now. Marriage, a few legal protections from discrimination, and??? This is a casual win of the ballgame.
index: 70362368
in other news the "A Woman's Concern" centre has announced that all women of childbearing age visiting the centre will be supplied and fitted with chastity belts... in a statement mr. bush mumbled something that sounded like "a good thing... god... christian... family values... no gay marriage... family... think of the children... let's invade iran..."
index: 37170493
Exactly. He actually used the word "marginalized" at one point, to describe what same-sex marriage advocates are doing to "traditional marriage" advocates. As if the church has *ever*, in the history of humanity, been marginalized even a *percentage* of how much the LGBT community has been marginalized (usually by the church itself and its supporters).
index: 16265660
your argument is fucking terrible. You're argument is similar to someone when talking about gay marriage would say "Well if we let gays marry then where do we draw the line? Do we let people who love their dog marry their dog??" It is known that animals and humans are not treated equally so stop trying to compare the two.
index: 22161765
More proof God loves gays and created gays the tide is turning for gays and now it the time to push for gay marriage and equal Civil Rights now in American, the tiem is right, go for it.
index: 50892190
Not exactly, both are far from equality, but as far as I know, in the UK we have civil partnerships which come with most (if not all) the rights that a marriage does, where as in America those rights only extend to the state and where gay marriage has been legalised, some still don't have all the equal rights.
index: 38240290
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 12986925
Honestly, one of the things that struck me the most about my in-laws was that their devotion to Catholicism was based more on faith than religious dogma. I obviously disagree with them, but I respect them more than other very religious people in this country because they may disagree with abortion and gay marriage, but would never force their beliefs on others.
index: 81881170
No. There is a substantial public safety difference between rollerbladers and pedestrians vis-a-vis sidewalks. There is no such difference between homosexuals and heterosexuals vis-a-vis marriage. Moreover, while rollerbladers can indeed take off their rollerblades and walk like everyone else, homosexuals cannot turn off their homosexuality and enjoy a hetrosexual marriage like everyone else.
index: 90286486
I see people making the argument of after allowing gay marriage the next step will by polygamy as in a slippery slope argument. Am I the only one that polygamy should also be allowed with gay marriage laws?
index: 87263961
"Uk politics is broken" Yes this, as someone who is on the right when it comes to foreign policy and defence, but is pretty far left on social policy's like drugs and Gay marriage I find it very hard to find a party to vote for.
index: 84841079
I don't think he was implying they don't. He was referencing the bigoted commentors thatt say things like, "If gays are allowed to marry, it will ruin the sanctity of marriage," while they don't mention the fact that around half of straight marriages end in divorce (another thing that's "ruining" marriage).
index: 29872649
The opponent usually says "you are a racist!" completely missing the point. Then I'm like "So let's say I'm a racist. Since I just equated interracial marriage and same-sex marriage, then it follows that I'm homophobic too. But wait, you are the one who's homophobic!"
index: 22633839
So you don't support it, but would let them get married if they wanted to? That doesn't make any sense because there are plenty of gay people who want to get married, but can't because it's against the law. If you would let gay people get married because it's up to them, then you should be a supporter of gay marriage. You can't really say you support gays geting married, and then vote to make it illegal for them to get married.
index: 80394392
Libertarians like Rand Paul? or is it that Rand Paul supporters think they are libertarians? I have opened a can of worms by going against Rand Paul in this sub, which is further proof that Rand Paul conservatives have invaded this sub believing they are libertarians. Just because he has a few libertarian leaning positions does not mean he is libertarian. Same-sex marriage is just one of many examples of why Rand Paul is not libertarian.
index: 10380092
I'm sure there are plenty of accepting folks that LOVE gays, but simply have a small hitch on the topic of gay marriage. If you seek to restrict the rights of a demographic, you oppose the existence of that demographic. It's pretty clear.
index: 64527510
My mom knew my dad was gay when she married him. She said she thought he was bisexual, which maybe he is. He's a serial monogamist is what he is. He married three woman, then a man, divorced him, and now is in a relationship with a woman. I don't think it's very sexual though. (I don't ask.)
index: 12734843
Do you really believe what youre typing? Should we strip marriage rights from the straights too? what the hell is wrong with equality? People should be able to marry other people they love, regardless of race, orientation, etc. Why do you think gays shouldn't have the same rights? (and don't try to throw in more sensational topics that don't fit in in any way to avoid arguing your point..if you have one)
index: 70391639
Well, the case on gay marriage is based on the premise that marriage should be allowed between two consensual members. I'm not saying it's a "slippery slope," but more that that premise will allow the same case to be made for incest.
index: 67798369
My Mom was friends with Hendrix and the band members of Jefferson Airplane. She rode into Woodstock on the side of Airplane's VW bus and sat on stage during Hendrix's set. Mom used to date Jesse Colin Young. Both of my parents managed the Starland Vocal Band (most well know song is Afternoon Delight) in the early '70s. Crystal Gayle and Amy Carter babysat me on separate occasions. Steve Marriott (RIP) of Humble Pie/Small Faces is my cousin. I had a very very hippy childhood.
index: 44621220
The gay marriage argument of you love who you love is about two CONSENTING ADULTS not one person just taking what they want. Fail to see how the gay marriage argument has ANY similarity to the pedo argument IN ANY WAY.
index: 60770164
You have missed the point actually. If you choose not to shop somewhere because of the religion of its owners than you are a bigot. Saying you do not "believe" in gay marriage is a sugar-coated way of saying you think homosexuality is wrong, and that's fine. It means you're a small minded bigot but you're an individual small minded bigot with no ability to change anything. Quite frankly it doesn't matter what you believe because it makes no difference at all to anyone but yourself. The same can be said for my opinions. But, when a company that turns over millions each year starts taking moral stances on things (and do try to remember that they sell chicken, which has nothing to do with morality all so why they are taking a stance is a total mystery to me) that has the ability to influence how people are treated and that is most certainly a problem.
index: 93815762
That's using a slippery slope logical fallacy though. You can't make or not make decisions because it *might* lead to other things. It's like when people say that you can't let Gay people marry because it will lead to people marrying animals.
index: 46704227
I was under the impression that political question referred to gerrymandering, campaigns, and the like. Although this is political, I don't think it falls into the political category because then almost anything could be political (gay marriage, abortion, etc.)
index: 27527626
Goodbye marriage equality. Goodbye Roe vs Wade. Goodbye race equality. Goodbye NATO. Goodbye Constitution. Goodbye world. I am so sorry. So so sorry. I never wanted this. I never never never wanted this.
index: 36417973
The fact that beliefs and values can intersect doesn't mean that they are the same thing, because it's possible to have beliefs that conflict with your values-- for instance, see all of the Mormons who support gay marriage despite holding to a belief that it's immoral.
index: 65971975
Mostly there social values. I swing to the left when it comes to things like gay marriage, abortion, etc. And since social issues are one of my most important concerns, we are naturally enemies.
index: 66295642
Tu cites 5 secondes d'une vidéo qui dure 1h et des. Et perso, quand je vois [ça](http://www.returnofkings.com/76347/10-things-my-dog-taught-me-about-women), [ça](http://www.returnofkings.com/75194/why-women-shouldnt-work), [ça](http://www.returnofkings.com/76101/was-911-an-inside-job) et [ça](http://www.returnofkings.com/75203/why-homosexual-marriage-matters-for-straight-men), j'ai du mal à croire que c'est moi qui m'invente ds histoires, et encore plus à prendre tes sources comme potables.
index: 87966991
I don't think flip-flopping will be their avenue of attack, since it partially implies that the current position is superior to the former one. I see it more as a channel for a full-throated attack on gay marriage generally, which I think will actually help the president in November.
index: 68786060
Are you kidding me? Trump ran on a campaign comprised almost completely on jobs. Jobs this, jobs that. The illegals are taking our jobs. The bad trade deals are taking our jobs. What does the working class care about? Who a gay man marries? Of course not, it's about jobs for themselves and their kids. Whether you believe him or not is up for debate, but it is blatant ignorance to suggest that Trump didn't go after the working class vote.
index: 44388050
ALL >>CONTRIY>>muthkarni>BABAJI>specialist 101%GARNTYKE SAATH SOLUTION molvibaba>>+91-9829791419>>chirago dawara>>ilm>>by specialist molviji Uk,usa,kuwait,saudia,dubai,australia,swizreland,newzland,england,canada,london,specialist molvi ji,+91-9829791419>>>inter caste love marriage +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist molvi ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage vashikaran specialist baba ji delhi +91-9829791419 intercaste love marriage love back specialist +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problem solution +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problems +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a boy Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a married woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran by photo Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran in hindi Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran my husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 Love Problem Solution Specialist BENGALI BABA JI +91-9829791419 vashikaran specialist Love vashikaran specialist black magic specialist online black magic specialist get your love back LOVE vashikaran specialist in Andaman & Nicobar Islands , Andhra Pradesh , Arunachal Pradesh , Assam , Bihar , Chandigarh , Chattisgarh , Dadra & Nagar Haveli , Daman & Diu , Delhi , Goa , Gujarat , Haryana , Himachal Pradesh , Jammu & Kashmir , Jharkhand , Karnataka , Kerala , Lakshadweep , Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , Manipur , Meghalaya , Mizoram , Nagaland , Orissa , Pondicherry , Punjab , Rajasthan , Sikkim , Tamil Nadu , Tripura , Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand , West Bengal Blackmagic specialist,vashikaran specialist,intercast love marriage specialist,love problem solutions,blackspells,love spells,voodoo spells,lost love back specialist,bewitchment caster specialist ,witchcraft specialist in:-afghanistan,albania,algeria,angola,argentina,aruba,bahamas,b arbados,belgium,belize,bermuda,bolivia,costa rica,croatia,cuba,czech republic,dominican republic,ecuador,equatorial guinea,greece,greenland,guatemala,guyana,haiti,honduras,hong kong,iran,ireland,israel,jamaica,latvia,luxemberg,morroco,ne therlands,nicargua,panama,papua new guinea,paraguiay,peru,portugal,puerto rica,romania,russia,saint lucia,san marino, urugay,venezuala,paris new zealand,austria,australia, brazil,canada,china,colombia,denmark,finland,france,germany, india,indonesia,italy,malaysia,mexico,nigeria,norway,pakista n,philippines,poland,singapore,south africa,spain,sweden,switzerland,thailand,turkey,united kingdom,united states of america,united arab emireates. Visit My Web Site READ MORE: http://www.disclose.tv/forum/posting.php?mode=post&f=23
index: 22453575
Missouri is historically a 'bellwether' state. Our demographics of Republican/ Democrat, age, and moral values very closely match the nation. Everyone looks to Missouri to see how various issues like gay marriage, stem cell research, abortion and election results will come out. We've correctly called every single election since 1904 except for once in 1956.
index: 38497803
Discussing the specifics of your religious beliefs isn't anti an atheistic world view. They may think you're wrong, but they think it's perfectly fine to believe that kind of stuff. However, if you believe gay marriage is wrong, they think you're not only wrong, but you're also immoral, for example.
index: 67844442
What is protecting traditional marriage? Like are homos getting married a threat to cis marriages? Will families start falling apart and traditional marriage become worthless if 2 homos can do it as well?
index: 42509791
If straight people think they have an entitlement to decide whether or not gay people get married, it's only fair that straight people should have to face a council of homosexuals that decide whether or not they can get married.
index: 81719657
Here is my take on gay marriage. For those that are against it because the bible says it is wrong, the bible was not written by God or Jesus, or the Holy Spirit for that matter. It is all interpretation, written by human beings just like us. Jesus said nothing about homosexuality, absolutely nothing. With that, take with it what you will
index: 99689012
We support meritocracy which is evil because it doesn't produce 50/50 gender parity in all jobs (read: all jobs they think are valuable and don't require lots of labor.) Also the GOP's stance on gay marriage is particularly evil to SJWs.
index: 99996769
Her and Obama had the same position. They then both changed their mind around 2012/13. It's dishonest of you to imply Obama was pro-gay and she was anti-gay. Even Sanders did not support gay marriage until 2009. There are other rights than marriage, and Hillary was a strong advocate for them. DADT was progressive at the time.
index: 38614024
Lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 16825502
You should mention Trumps long standing support for gays and Hillary's anti gay marriage stance until it was politically advantageous for her. How Trump is bringing the whole gop to a more pro gay position than ever befors.
index: 73807980
En dehors du marriage homo et du RSA "pour tous". Quelqu'un peut-il me citer les mesures de gauches prises par le gouvernement Hollande pendant 4 and ?
index: 26478320
Homosexual unions are a symptom, not a cause, at this point. They are a symptom of a cultural fight over fundamental values. Marriage as the union between one man and one woman is a touchstone of Western civilization for 2,000 years. When peopel no longer think men and women differ significantly it's clear that we're in bad straits.
index: 98033354
Does anyone actually think this well have any affect on his viewing numbers? If you watch his show, as I do, you know exactly where he stands on most issues. I like how they put his political views on non related issues like pot and same sex marriage though.
index: 12096085
Exxon Mobil (another company against gay marriage) buys a good chunk of their oil from mexico. So even if there was a way to make sure you're not buying OPEC gas, chances are it's from Exxon Mobil.
index: 75290173
You missed the part where our state disappointingly voted away the civil rights of others. It may be legal process, but those of us who support gay marriage can still be unhappy about the results. Then get back up and keep fighting for equality.
index: 69811556
Calradia doesn't exist though. It's not historically accurate to have vikings a day's ride away from a suktanate. I really don't care about the historical accuracy for a history that doesn't exist. And while gay marriage isn't historical lgbt people have always existed in every culture, we aren't a modern invention.
index: 13036973
ALL >>CONTRIY>>muthkarni>BABAJI>specialist 101%GARNTYKE SAATH SOLUTION molvibaba>>+91-9829791419>>chirago dawara>>ilm>>by specialist molviji Uk,usa,kuwait,saudia,dubai,australia,swizreland,newzland,england,canada,london,specialist molvi ji,+91-9829791419>>>inter caste love marriage +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist molvi ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage vashikaran specialist baba ji delhi +91-9829791419 intercaste love marriage love back specialist +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problem solution +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problems +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a boy Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a married woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran by photo Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran in hindi Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran my husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 Love Problem Solution Specialist BENGALI BABA JI +91-9829791419 vashikaran specialist Love vashikaran specialist black magic specialist online black magic specialist get your love back LOVE vashikaran specialist in Andaman & Nicobar Islands , Andhra Pradesh , Arunachal Pradesh , Assam , Bihar , Chandigarh , Chattisgarh , Dadra & Nagar Haveli , Daman & Diu , Delhi , Goa , Gujarat , Haryana , Himachal Pradesh , Jammu & Kashmir , Jharkhand , Karnataka , Kerala , Lakshadweep , Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , Manipur , Meghalaya , Mizoram , Nagaland , Orissa , Pondicherry , Punjab , Rajasthan , Sikkim , Tamil Nadu , Tripura , Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand , West Bengal Blackmagic specialist,vashikaran specialist,intercast love marriage specialist,love problem solutions,blackspells,love spells,voodoo spells,lost love back specialist,bewitchment caster specialist ,witchcraft specialist in:-afghanistan,albania,algeria,angola,argentina,aruba,bahamas,b arbados,belgium,belize,bermuda,bolivia,costa rica,croatia,cuba,czech republic,dominican republic,ecuador,equatorial guinea,greece,greenland,guatemala,guyana,haiti,honduras,hong kong,iran,ireland,israel,jamaica,latvia,luxemberg,morroco,ne therlands,nicargua,panama,papua new guinea,paraguiay,peru,portugal,puerto rica,romania,russia,saint lucia,san marino, urugay,venezuala,paris new zealand,austria,australia, brazil,canada,china,colombia,denmark,finland,france,germany, india,indonesia,italy,malaysia,mexico,nigeria,norway,pakista n,philippines,poland,singapore,south africa,spain,sweden,switzerland,thailand,turkey,united kingdom,united states of america,united arab emireates. Visit My Web Site READ MORE: http://www.disclose.tv/forum/posting.php?mode=post&f=23
index: 97531873
As a Christian, I believe gays have the right to love and marry whoever they want. Our bible doesn't tell us to hate anyone. It does say, however, that the only one who can condem anyone is God. We have no right, as people, to condem or hate others. We're suppose to help others. WBC gives us a bad name because people start believing that's how all Christians are or they believe that's how we think, it's not true. Not all of us are self righteous bigots.
index: 35201129
if you define things republican think will create jobs *a priori* as things that won't create jobs, then it's not really surprising that then you can say republicans have done nothing to create jobs. but i don't think that was the OP's point, otherwise he wouldn't have mentioned gay marriage.
index: 88883840
Exactement la stratégie PS pour noyer le poisson dans les 6 premiers mois, marriage homo et vote étranger, surtout ne parlons pas chomage, pouvoir d'achat, soutiens des PME et fiscalité.
index: 38420654
She makes a good point. I think the better comparison is same-sex marriage to polygamy. And if she had used that example then I think she'd have a valid point. There is no non-religious reason I can think of for why polygamy should be illegal.
index: 11366756
This makes sense if the two sides of the argument are straight people can marry multiple partners and everyone can argue anyone. However, the argument usually is between straight people can marry one person and gay people can marry one person. In the context of the usual argument, it makes no sense to bring up polygamy.
index: 60490104
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead. It lets people know you're not a homo. A married guy seems more stable. People see the ring, they think 'at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch.' Ladies see the ring, they know immediately that you must have some cash, and your cock must work.
index: 50683556
Some issues don't change though. Like perspective on gay marriage, the right to choose in abortion issues, public healthcare if they're part of your core values. I get what you mean though- people tend to change a LOT where education, finances, and military issues are concerned, as well as gov. regulatory policies and other taxation issues.
index: 58475312
Because for the same reason that some people use the argument that allowing gay marriage is some kind of slippery slope to people marrying other species or inanimate objects... *because some people don't understand what consent means*
index: 30469934
This is the first time I have ever seen a gay rights post in relation to atheism. I'm surprised that there aren't more of these kinds of posts. When somebody asks me what atheism is about, the first thing that comes to my mind is gay marriage. Followed by Carl Sagan.
index: 17320226
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 80171472
I'm sure you didn't mean any offense by this, but you realize you're equating equal rights movements for sexual preferences and identities that have existed pretty much since the beginning of time with bizarre subcultures? It almost comes off as suggesting that the gay rights movement and gay marriage was just a counterculture movement and not a fight for equal rights. Again, I'm sure you meant no offense and were joking, but it could be offensive to some. I could be wrong.
index: 56505229
Aren't you judging me for judging them? Say what you will, but I'm simply stating what the Bible teaches, and that I believe the Bible to be true. You don't have to agree with me, but if we are claim that the things that I say are judgmental, then every person is judgmental. I don't go out of my why to point out every wrong thing that people do all the time. I'm more concerned with the wrong things I do. But if someone asks me, "What is your stance on gay marriage?" I am going to answer honestly.
index: 80817540
I think religion is based on personal opinions. If you personally don't like gay marriage, abortion and evolution, that is your choice, you don't have to get gay married, have an abortion or believe in evolution. When you try to enforce others to believe what you believe, that is based on your traditional understanding that people should follow your tradition which they will attribute to religion.
index: 74983360
I guess it is hard because their views affect directly others. It'd be one thing if they believe lets say gay marriage is wrong because of their religion but recognize that others don't believe that and so don't impose their views on me. Then I would have to even address their beliefs. But since they choose to impose their beliefs on other, now the line between respect/criticize/ confront blur.
index: 16179736
Because it does no inpact my life at all. If two straight people get married it does not effect my life, just as if two gay people go get married. So who am I to tell two consenting adults they can't do something that will not actually hurt anyone, but make them very happy.
index: 80438789
And [Amazon and Microsoft](http://www.geekwire.com/2013/amazon-microsoft-urge-supreme-court-support-gay-marriage/) as well. Happy employees are better employees. Also, if you are head quartered in a state without gay marriage, you lose out on recruiting some talent. [Acquiring and retaining talent is something these companies are extremely concerned about.](http://www.businessweek.com/articles/2014-05-01/tech-hubris-the-silicon-valley-antitrust-hiring-conspiracy)
index: 65404718
This is an atheism issue because most of the people who are against same sex marriage are also religious and they are basing their opinions from their religion. Almost every article submitted in the "Atheist" sub-reddit could be classified as not an atheism issue. After reading this, please edit your post stating that you're wrong.
index: 74959661
I honestly don't believe gay rights is an issue that can be compared to the civil rights movement of Martin Luther King Jr.'s time. I'm not agaonst gay marriage or their rights, but people really over exaggerate the issue, including my sister.
index: 15486962
ALL >>CONTRIY>>muthkarni>BABAJI>specialist 101%GARNTYKE SAATH SOLUTION molvibaba>>+91-9829791419>>chirago dawara>>ilm>>by specialist molviji Uk,usa,kuwait,saudia,dubai,australia,swizreland,newzland,england,canada,london,specialist molvi ji,+91-9829791419>>>inter caste love marriage +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist molvi ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage vashikaran specialist baba ji delhi +91-9829791419 intercaste love marriage love back specialist +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problem solution +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problems +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a boy Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a married woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran by photo Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran in hindi Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran my husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 Love Problem Solution Specialist BENGALI BABA JI +91-9829791419 vashikaran specialist Love vashikaran specialist black magic specialist online black magic specialist get your love back LOVE vashikaran specialist in Andaman & Nicobar Islands , Andhra Pradesh , Arunachal Pradesh , Assam , Bihar , Chandigarh , Chattisgarh , Dadra & Nagar Haveli , Daman & Diu , Delhi , Goa , Gujarat , Haryana , Himachal Pradesh , Jammu & Kashmir , Jharkhand , Karnataka , Kerala , Lakshadweep , Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , Manipur , Meghalaya , Mizoram , Nagaland , Orissa , Pondicherry , Punjab , Rajasthan , Sikkim , Tamil Nadu , Tripura , Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand , West Bengal Blackmagic specialist,vashikaran specialist,intercast love marriage specialist,love problem solutions,blackspells,love spells,voodoo spells,lost love back specialist,bewitchment caster specialist ,witchcraft specialist in:-afghanistan,albania,algeria,angola,argentina,aruba,bahamas,b arbados,belgium,belize,bermuda,bolivia,costa rica,croatia,cuba,czech republic,dominican republic,ecuador,equatorial guinea,greece,greenland,guatemala,guyana,haiti,honduras,hong kong,iran,ireland,israel,jamaica,latvia,luxemberg,morroco,ne therlands,nicargua,panama,papua new guinea,paraguiay,peru,portugal,puerto rica,romania,russia,saint lucia,san marino, urugay,venezuala,paris new zealand,austria,australia, brazil,canada,china,colombia,denmark,finland,france,germany, india,indonesia,italy,malaysia,mexico,nigeria,norway,pakista n,philippines,poland,singapore,south africa,spain,sweden,switzerland,thailand,turkey,united kingdom,united states of america,united arab emireates. Visit My Web Site READ MORE: http://www.disclose.tv/forum/posting.php?mode=post&f=23
index: 84266224
So if I say the bible condones gay marriage because I interpreted the bible that way, does that make it true? Does an interpretation of a story make it true? Is the way you interpret it correct? Or is someone else's interpretation correct?
index: 57155353
yeah but is that a bad thing? A slippery slope for one person might not be one for someone else. What if the slippery slope for interracial marriages was that it would lead to gay marriage? Most of us would say "...umm... what's wrong with that?"
index: 80131008
thats actually what i'm secretly hoping for, myself and my cadre of polygamist donkey fuckers are hoping the gay marriage issue opens the door for us to fuck and marry as many donkeys as god demands of us. the true god of abraham and jebus and all that. all that.
index: 67805465
That still doesn't make sense though. Sure, straight marriage is what's "traditional", but why does that mean all the straight people get a say in whether or not gay marriage should be allowed? They aren't affected, they shouldn't get to say if gay people should be able to marry or not. It just doesn't seem logical to me.
index: 80053124
I mean can "progressive" social policy even be considered left anymore? It seems that progressive social policy like in regards to gay marriage, immigration and things has been adopted by the mainstream right wing as well.
index: 50260202
En faite, ça jamais été décriminalisé. Comme j'ai dit plus bas, Chrétien a dû choisir entre décriminaliser le cannabis ou légaliser les marriages gays en raison de la pression américaine. Sous Paul Martin, les libéraux sont devenus minoritaires et dépendaient des conservateurs pour faire passer leurs budgets, vous connaissez la suite.
index: 77523915
There are some quasi-independent types in the rockies and western states who could swing from R to D, but the Republicans play their push button issues (gay marriage, abortion, etc.) so well they'll always have a core group no matter what they do.
index: 52553123
Preserve their own *version* of traditional american family values. Nothing says preserving traditional family values like a 3x divorced man who claims same sex marriage ruins the sanctity of marriage.
index: 85137547
In the sense that those other things cost more, affect who more people etc, gay marriage isn't as important. And yet there are still a lot of voters who seriously think that marriage equality is a threat to them, and politicians who use it as a wedge issue.
index: 76338065
ESCAPE TO CANADA (Albert Nerenberg, CANADA, 2005) Called ‘an altogether winning portrait of a country’ by Variety and a ‘fantastic drama’ by the Montreal Mirror, Escape to Canada is a comical, hot-blooded voyage across Canada’s freedom adventure. The film spotlights the ‘Summer of Legalization’, when same-sex marriage spread from province to province and marijuana cafes opened across the land. Suddenly Canada is a refuge for a AWOL soldiers fleeing the war in IRAQ, gay couples fleeing Bush’s America and ‘reefer refugees’. ‘Albert Nerenberg director of the hit Stupidity along with a team of videographers tell it with blazing cinematography and comic absurdity.’ With Conservatives in power and many of its character’s now in peril, Escape to Canada is the ‘Battle for Canada’ revealed. Escape is a weird kind of party movie, stoned or not, Escape to Canada will give you a patriotic rush. A National Film Board of Canada and Elevator Films co-production for Canal D, Documentary Channel and Movie Central. Produced by Shannon Brown. 84 Minutes
index: 97567552
Je trouve ca étonnant de comparer Baby-Loup ou une salariée imposait par un choix personnel un signe religieux à ses collègues qui se voulaient laic et l'histoire du remarriage qui est une décision personnelle dans établissement qui se veux chrétien face au fait d'être homosexuel qui n'est pas un choix. J'ai du mal à voir en quoi virer les homos permet à cet établissement de "sauvegarder la bonne marche de son entreprise en lui conservant son caractère propre et sa réputation" alors que cet employé avait donné satisfaction jusqu'à l'arrivé de cette personne de la manif pour tout.
index: 11466333
Morality is about individual opinion. Christians believe abortion and gay marriage is immoral. Racists think interracial marriages are immoral. You think eating meat is immoral. Sorry but your beliefs aren't my beliefs, they're not the majority's beliefs, and they're not the moral beliefs just because you want to be right.
index: 71709016
I feel like the older I get, the more right-wing I become. I'm still left on social issues i.e gay marriage, abortion, death penalty, etc, but my views on most other things are pretty much to the right.
index: 15153820
There are lots of Republicans that support gay marriage. Arnold Schwarzenegger supports it and he is a lifelong Republican. Also Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama once opposed gay marriage very recently, people seem to be conveniently forgetting their stances on gay marriage from just a few years ago.
index: 68207406
Gay Marriage, if they want to get married, let them get married, I dont see why people have a problem with this, what are you, a child? "You cant get married because I don't want you to". It really pisses me off
index: 89543943
I'm not exactly a gay marriage apologist, but I seriously question how gay marriage is unjust. If anything, it seems more like God's will in this situation is a mandated "injustice" if justice is to be seen as total fairness and equity.
index: 68829638
Well there's also people out there holding signs that are pro gay marriage, which to the opposing side is against their beliefs. How are they wrong? Intolerance is intolerance, regardless of views. We are all free thinking people, you may hate their view but it's theirs to have. This is my whole problem here. We are entitled to think however we want and if you're forcing your views on someone than how's that ok?
index: 22393684
we're actually entitled not only to "religious freedom" but we're also entitled to "freedom from religion." you can choose your religion and no one can stop you, but having a religion does not mean you can choose what's right and wrong for someone else. a gay marriage in no way violates anyone's "religious freedom." it doesn't stop people from being catholic or protestant or muslim or jewish. choosing your religion is religious freedom. but let those of us who want freedom from your religion or any other have exactly what you have: freedom.
index: 60705944
Elected? I had the choice between two guys that both would have implemented the same economic policies and "national security" policies. You only have a say in social issues, abortion and gay marriage. You have no say in economic and foreign policy.
index: 36861541
Joe Bidden is one of the main reasons Obama made the announcement so suddenly. Joe Bidden expressed fervent support for gay marriage on a talk show and then everyone started asking what the administration's views were as a whole. Obama had always been in support of gay marriage but had never officially (aka since becoming President) stated that He (and by extension the Administration) were in support of gay marriage nationwide. Joe Bidden pushed it out of the administration because it would have been much worse for them to say, "That is not the official views of the administration" or whatever.
index: 65431022
Let me rephrase that. How does it affect you? Again, because gay people are allowed to marry *in no way* affects your life unless you make it so they do. You don't have to have a gay marriage to admit that it's okay for other people, but saying you don't think they should is bigotry. *That's* actually simple.
index: 11233075
Well this is how religion works. Don't think about us! Think about all these things that are bad. Have faith in us (believe us without reason) but don't believe these things like birth control and gay marriage, you must question all that is bad but not which is good and with God.
index: 21581246
She is not progressive. She's only as progressive as she needs to be for whatever audience she's speaking to not think she's satan. She wasn't even pro gay marriage until it became politically convenient, I don't even know what her true stance is. It's pretty clear, looking at where her donations came from, any policies she enacts will not benefit you, or I.
index: 70742023
I'm not saying there are no atheists that are assholes. I'm saying they aren't using their lack of religion to justify behavior in the way that people use religion to justify behavior. For instance, if I want to ban gay marriage because I hate gay people, I'm simply an asshole. If I want to ban it because my religion says it's so, that's religious freedom.
index: 95532414
The itt job tech,http://buy-sell.lerd.bij.pl/map.html angel river nursing ho,http://jordans-furniture.pong.orge.pl/map.html download free visio 2009 icon,http://hubble-bubble.kleo.345.pl/map.html free motorola ringtone t720 verizon,http://turtle-wax.akar.osa.pl/map.html car decoration wedding,http://kimel-22.lerd.bij.pl/map.html cosmetic nutrimetics nutrimetics nutrimeticsonline.com online,http://tnt-golf.lerd.bij.pl/map.html humor.com index.html toilette,http://used-co2.kleo.345.pl/map.html kol spoiler,http://print-buyer.varg.bee.pl/map.html buy the princess and the marine movie,http://adult-dating.kleo.345.pl/map.html rent a car in japan,http://dc-lobbying.varg.bee.pl/map.html furniture record,http://bismarck-car.kleo.345.pl/map.html car puryear rental,http://oil-production.serg.bij.pl/map.html retail job interview question,http://capriati-dating.akar.osa.pl/map.html car engine fire,http://singles-trips.kruz.345.pl/map.html furniture record,http://galvanized-pipe.serg.bij.pl/map.html msvu job fair,http://university-teachin.gagat.osa.pl/map.html washington dc job fairs,http://experian-tenant.pong.orge.pl/map.html treal tv2,http://india-furniture.gagat.osa.pl/map.html buy cheap link meridia meridia.harisen.jp prescription.html,http://buildings-insurance.varg.bee.pl/map.html car figaro importer,http://enhanced-single.lerd.bij.pl/map.html tenma 72-6614 meter,http://houston-outdoor.pong.orge.pl/map.html blow clip gay job,http://gn-9120.titi.bee.pl/map.html vinyl mini blinds privacy ventilation,http://kawasaki-ninja.lerd.bij.pl/map.html oil katrina photos,http://dtv-h20.akar.osa.pl/map.html northants county council jobs,http://friend-finder.kruz.345.pl/map.html madagascar oil gas,http://argenteuil-car.ilot.orge.pl/map.html pharmaceutical or medical sales jobs,http://car-seat.serg.bij.pl/map.html west palm beach airport car rental,http://lpn-jobs.gagat.osa.pl/map.html sherline 2009 milling machine,http://weight-watchers.kruz.345.pl/map.html dating free fun site,http://car-link.kleo.345.pl/map.html cla show,http://black-toile.kruz.345.pl/map.html car crash deer,http://business-change.kruz.345.pl/map.html center inverness job plus,http://jersey-city.varg.bee.pl/map.html free motorola ringtone t720 verizon,http://unsuccessful-cosmet.kruz.345.pl/map.html single men.com,http://aid-japan.pong.orge.pl/map.html jobs at price waterhouse coopers,http://purpose-of.kruz.345.pl/map.html analyst job system,http://rustic-furniture.gagat.osa.pl/map.html red lake job connect,http://furniture-morgantow.varg.bee.pl/map.html soil association uk,http://ladys-single.gagat.osa.pl/map.html 1920's advancements in medical technology,http://buying-flowers.pong.orge.pl/map.html dating marriage transsexual,http://breaking-down.kleo.345.pl/map.html sell used car part,http://waka-laka.titi.bee.pl/map.html hr recruiting jobs,http://jobs-to.akar.osa.pl/map.html blow gay job,http://jobs-for.umn.bij.pl/map.html benz car mercedes radio,http://226-sig.kleo.345.pl/map.html bride headpiece,http://carol-house.umn.bij.pl/map.html american single site,http://lmsw-job.kleo.345.pl/map.html smart car passion review,http://car-capsule.varg.bee.pl/map.html tara model escort birmingham,http://best-buys.lerd.bij.pl/map.html pornstar blowjob,http://altaire-cosmetics.varg.bee.pl/map.html dodge cummins oil filter,http://car-hot.titi.bee.pl/map.html space saver bedroom furniture,http://alarm-installer.ilot.orge.pl/map.html buy violin case,http://buy-house.pirit.345.pl/map.html campbell hausfeld pw2200 pressure washer,http://maytag-mle2009ayw.vudu.bee.pl/map.html florida child protective services jobs,http://chevy-engine.raptor.345.pl/map.html blow clip gay job,http://parts-bagles.vudu.bee.pl/map.html furniture buying clubs,http://girl-icelandic.pirit.345.pl/map.html antique furniture parts,http://open-to.vudu.bee.pl/map.html lacuna coil pic,http://electrician-in.oper.bee.pl/map.html download free visio 2009 icon,http://hot-jobs.raptor.345.pl/map.html hats zocor,http://cartoon-dating.pirit.345.pl/map.html oil prices rising 2005,http://oil-combination.pirit.345.pl/map.html hmv jobs canada,http://grand-old.vudu.bee.pl/map.html navy federal credit union in,http://new-england.vudu.bee.pl/map.html oil substitute for butter,http://air-car.raptor.345.pl/map.html buy sugared almonds,http://percentage-of.raptor.345.pl/map.html columbus ohio adult escort eros guide,http://car-comparison.ardis.345.pl/map.html 12 lead ecg training,http://ghana-delegation20.pirit.345.pl/map.html canada single payer,http://champagne-bridesma.ardis.345.pl/map.html buying a domain name,http://job-objectives.raptor.345.pl/map.html environmental awareness jobs uk,http://buy-roman.pirit.345.pl/map.html head hunter job retail,http://playstation2cheatco.oper.bee.pl/map.html Christian Women Kansas,http://job-reliefweb.raptor.345.pl/map.html car test reports,http://rustic-pine.oper.bee.pl/map.html subaru rally car pics,http://sell-a.oper.bee.pl/map.html biblical perspective on dating,http://buy-travelpro.oper.bee.pl/map.html sell used car part,http://balta-outdoor.vudu.bee.pl/map.html chemical corrosion emulsion oil production scale treatment,http://car-crown.raptor.345.pl/map.html banking jobs in atlanta,http://buy-best.oper.bee.pl/map.html alcohol detector mobile,http://dark-eldar.pirit.345.pl/map.html itt job tech,http://buyout-download.oper.bee.pl/map.html agr job fair,http://blow-hand.pirit.345.pl/map.html colorado state job announcements,http://buggy-car.pirit.345.pl/map.html description job specification,http://solar-powered.ardis.345.pl/map.html buy.com problem,http://effusion-lamp.ardis.345.pl/map.html cdl trucking jobs,http://car-mazatlan.vudu.bee.pl/map.html value city furniture rochester ny,http://car-battery.oper.bee.pl/map.html sears assistant store manager job description,http://epilepsy-alcohol.pirit.345.pl/map.html 80250br mustad fly hooks,http://dexter-axle.oper.bee.pl/map.html boy furniture gallery la name z,http://minnesota-finance.raptor.345.pl/map.html mineral oil constipation gas,http://old-car.oper.bee.pl/map.html jobs in new york for canadians,http://2009-articels.vudu.bee.pl/map.html cross country bank credit card,http://g-whiz.pirit.345.pl/map.html 1929 duesenberg
index: 48563902
...was there some kind of revolution after i unsubbed from /atheism? i went back looking for all the posts about gay marriage and abortion that regularly wound up with "what does this have to do with atheism?" as the top comment and it was pages before i found a single one. instead the whole front page was filled with posts that actually related to atheism, specifically. i was gobsmacked.
index: 19255817
Well, Christian says that the Bible says that Gay Marriage is a sin. But, the Bible never says that. It only says that people don't like gay marriage, which is different of saying that God doesn't like it. But... if Christians had fully read the bible, they wouldn't be Christians after all...
index: 12616435
I know a gay woman who had a child via a sperm bank donor. She met another woman (who also had a sperm bank baby), they fell in love and got married. They later realized that they both used the same sperm donor. (I live in a city with a population of >600,000.)
index: 95488641
Similar things have been said about gay marriage, that gay people are not being denied the right to marry since they can marry the opposite gender,like straight people. I think your idea has similar problems.
index: 41580808
Pour beaucoup le mariage est une institution catholique avec un monsieur et une dame. Pour d'autres autoriser le marriage gay c'est laisser la possibilité aux polygames le droit de se marier (et y'a d'autres "arguments")
index: 66452996
Most libertarians care for social issues, at least as it comes to individual rights like gay marriage, drug legalization, or immigration. In many cases, they're even to the left of the Democrats. Certain things like universal healthcare or social security they side with the conservatives on, but at least in their mind, those are economic issues, not social ones. And they tend to be conservative on economic issues and liberal on social issues.
index: 76242003
I doubt it will ever be considered a big enough issue by most of the country. The fact is most Americans could care less, most agree with gay marriage, but don't see it as their problem. Number one concern for most people is economy and what affects their wallet.
index: 26639009
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 30091798
shaadi bhi kya timepass hai. subah se shyam ho gayi kuch bhi nhi kiya. pata nhi kab haldi hogi. i am already bored and its not even my marriage.
index: 17023583
I don't understand what is there to protect about marriage. These people are saying the accept gays but want to protect marriage. What do they even think will be lost if gays can get married. How will this change marriage as a whole?
index: 45303044
Chrétien voulait décriminaliser (et non légaliser) mais il a choisi de juste légaliser les marriages gay pour pas trop frustrer le gouvernement américain qui était déjà en tabarnak parce que Chrétien avait refusé de participer à la guerre en Iraq.
index: 25661729
I hate hate hate people like that. Well maybe I don't hate the people but I definitely hate their idea about that. Having your own beliefs is fine, but making laws that EVERYONE has to follow, whether they share your beliefs or not, is wrong. For example, if you don't agree with gay marriage, then don't be involved in a gay marriage. If you don't agree with abortion, then don't get an abortion. These are fine, but saying everyone has to not do something because you think it's wrong, is not right.
index: 69467624
Well you could start by asking if they do the same when fellow Christians bring up gay marriage. If not, what gives them the right to pick and choose? etc. That said, I think most of the NT stuff is more historically inaccurate than offensive. There is the verse where Jesus condemns the fig tree for not bearing fruit, but that's just frankly more bizarre than morally offensive, unless you love fig newtons.
index: 60373792
If a straight couple can get married I see no reason why a gay couple shouldn't be able to get married although why anyone would want to get married in the first place is be beyond me
index: 30547894
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 96541826
...Because gays are the ones who aren't allowed to marry. Nobody's asking for any changes to straight marriages. What do you want, cash prizes for straight couples to make up for the fact that the gays get something? I seriously can't tell if trolling.
index: 83604079
Sure, the airport is a more exclusive place to open a restaurant, but isn't that still mostly a contractual matter between the airport and the restaurant? The airport can set its own criteria for who can sell concessions there and at what price, but in this instance the airport already appears willing to make a deal, and the City Council is deciding whether to step in and prevent that deal from going through, for no other apparent reason than the opinions of the owner about gay marriage.
index: 22214002
Because this makes Gingrich a massive hypocrite when he blames gays for trying to defile the sanctity of marriage, or when, for instance, he impeached Clinton for having a blowjob, or generally whenever he attempts to play the family values card.
index: 33397331
You sure have asked a ton of questions and provided absolutely zero solutions or answers besides name calling and being a bigot. I've played along with you through 10 comments, and every time I give my answers, you just move the goal posts again so you can feel special. I answered personal questions about gay marriage, refugees, everything. You remain unreasonable and attacking. Look in the mirror.
index: 55739014
A bigot is someone who is intolerant of those who hold a different opinion. Having the opinion that gays should not marry does not make her a bigot. Trying to force others to follow her opinion would. We think her opinion is wrong, but if we try to bully her into not holding an opinion different than us, we are the bigots.
index: 17071875
I don't care if gay people get married. If gay people get married I don't care, if they don't instill don't care. But if anyone gets married I want to be invited to the reception because they are a perfect place to meet women.
index: 38616549
I could tell my Mother anything...anything except this. I have an older brother who is also gay, and married... and my Mom loves him and husband to pieces...but for some reason, I cannot bring myself to tell my Mom that I'm gay too, it would crush her.
index: 57718564
First of all, homosexuality is not a sexual proclivity, it's a sexual orientation. Secondly the civil rights movement, and the marriage equality movement are similar. They are both movements that have sought equal rights. African Americans certainly battled greater injustice, but I don't see how comparing their struggle to marriage equality cheapens the civil rights movement.
index: 92457328
I think we can be almost certain that Obama did not "evolve". He believed in same-sex marriage before his campaign, he lied about his position when he started running for president, then he supported it when it was politically prudent. [Axelrod](http://www.cnn.com/2015/02/10/politics/obama-gay-marriage-axelrod/) mentioned this and Obama basically admitted it. [2](http://time.com/3702584/gay-marriage-axelrod-obama/)
index: 30733793
View the community with the least interest in marriage or the commitment that comes with it. You'll have the problem in perspective. The black family unit is in crisis in the US, Canada and England and with that come all the concomitant social costs. They're huge. Devoid of all the niceties, marriage is an economic unit that exists in no small part to support stability in communities. Gay marriage is just one more punch in the gut of the traditional model that sorely needs strengthening and not the opposite. Smart gays know that and are content with the civil union choice. We can dissect marriage all we want but without it we have a society increasingly dependent on social services and handouts. Great. Where's the study that shows common law marriages and single parent households contribute as much to social cohesion and financial solvency in a country as traditional marriage? All studies I've seen show they don't. Gay marriage isn't likely to improve results.
index: 25501948
That church gives all Christians a bad name. I believe in gay marriage and that god loves us all. He is not a damnable force that wants to see us all in hell. He only wishes for us to be happy. That is all
index: 49295539
There are no egg whales. All whales are sperm whales, and gay. The sperm just re-differentiates to an oocyte when two sperm whales meet and fall in love and gay marriage is legalized. And then sperm whale banks are contacted and synthetic egg-storage/combination devices fuse two sperm cells together and who even fucking knows gays can't parent.
index: 17698165
To me, I don't think it's my place to tell others how to live their lives, so even though I don't agree with homosexuality and I believe it is a sin, it is not my place, nor the governments, to tell people they can't be together. That's my take on it and how you can be Christian and still support the right of people to engage in gay marriage. To my knowledge, the Bible never says to force your view point on others, or society.
index: 90066973
I'm not going to quote the bible because I don't have an extensive knowledge on the subject but from what I've learned from my priest; everyone can go to heaven no matter what they believe in: gay marriage, abortion etc. I don't see why God would give us free will and then punish us for using it. How the hell does that make sense to anyone?
index: 33612332
Politics. Politics. Politics. Politics. Politics. Film industry. Politics. Politics. Multinationals. Politics. Politics. Politics. Chinese money. Politics. Politics. The property market, negative gearing. Politics. Politics. Politics. Politics. Green energy. Politics. Politics. Cannabis. Politics. Politics. Gay marriage. Politics. Gender politics. Politics. Politics. Politics...
index: 29801210
Case in point: Barack Obama. He only came out in support of gay marriage when it was politically expedient. I don't doubt his sincerity. People can do a thing like change their minds. The ones whose positions never change are the ones we should be concerned about.
index: 43652802
Consider true polygamy -- one straight man married to two straight women: I would differentiate this from the case where the two women happen to be bisexual and are married to each other as well! Also, from the case where Sheila, a bisexual woman, is married to Alice, a lesbian female partner and Brian, a straight male partner... I believe that a combination of n-ary unions with no uniqueness constraint on the no. of marriages that one can be part of would be needed for this purpose.
index: 97215780
Either it was politically expedient for him to claim not to support gay marriage, or it was politically expedient for him to not support DOMA. I think his overall posture on gay rights while in office (dota, etc) lends support to the former view.
index: 45699618
in other news the "A Woman's Concern" centre has announced that all women of childbearing age visiting the centre will be supplied and fitted with chastity belts... in a statement mr. bush mumbled something that sounded like "a good thing... god... christian... family values... no gay marriage... family... think of the children... let's invade iran..."
index: 90174388
Careful saying "right." The loudest pro-gun supports in my life are either ambivalent on gay marriage or outright in favor of allowing it. Most of the Ron Paul crowd and the Libertarian crowd are very anti-gun control and pro-gay marriage.
index: 38956543
I'm a gay man and married to a woman. I'm only attracted to straight guys sadly. I can't fall in love with a gay guy so I married a woman, my best friend. We have two beautiful kids and we are happily married. I don't think I would ever leave her. She's the love of my life.
index: 81172632
You sure have asked a ton of questions and provided absolutely zero solutions or answers besides name calling and being a bigot. I've played along with you through 10 comments, and every time I give my answers, you just move the goal posts again so you can feel special. I answered personal questions about gay marriage, refugees, everything. You remain unreasonable and attacking. Look in the mirror.
index: 20999134
knew a gay guy who was openly gay, good looking guy but you could tell because he was very soft spoken, contacts in eyes and plugged eyebrows and very woman like body gestures, but he used to be best friends with a girl whom was married and the husband would always make fun of him because of him being gay, well apparently he was bi because the wife would screw the gay guy on the side, and the husband had no clue...i asked the guy why would he do that if hes gay, his reponse...i dont like women but my penis still gets erect when its being sucked, so she screws me for my dick...
index: 56566742
no, it's the civil rights movement redux. a lot of the people fighting against legalizing gay marriage would have been too young to do anything during the first civil rights movement, so they're trying to fight the current one.
index: 87475134
I support gay marriage because I don't think it's America's place to try to enforce the ideas of a religion which is not the country's official religion, especially when it specifically says it shall not hinder **or establish** any religion, and when the religion in question says nothing about forcing your beliefs onto those who do not share them.
index: 88190065
Some issues don't change though. Like perspective on gay marriage, the right to choose in abortion issues, public healthcare if they're part of your core values. I get what you mean though- people tend to change a LOT where education, finances, and military issues are concerned, as well as gov. regulatory policies and other taxation issues.
index: 34781676
his son sure looked gay, with the pair of earrings and the decidedly NON rockstar appearance and demeanor and sound otherwise (effeminate). i wonder if he's one of those gays who thinks it's heroic to choose that he is evil and so denies it and gets married (he did) and have kids (he did), then later get picked up in some bathroom by cops who 'think' that is a law enforcement priority. what a fucking mess this nation is.
index: 35938109
quite so, but I could understand an option along the lines "I don't like it, but who am I to stop two people getting married" because seriously, how will gay marriage effect anyone other than those who get gay married?
index: 34270812
I mean can "progressive" social policy even be considered left anymore? It seems that progressive social policy like in regards to gay marriage, immigration and things has been adopted by the mainstream right wing as well.
index: 12009183
Because god REALLY hated gays. ~~He even mentioned it in the 10 commandments for christ's sake~~. That's why all good christians want adulterers, murderers, and thieves to not have the right to marry.
index: 88605863
The current political situation in the US tends to divide based on economic issues more than social issues. There are social conservatives on both sides, though they often pick different areas to push in (gay marriage vs. video game censorship).
index: 58070190
They will say what they need to say in order to get elected, similar to Obama first term who didn't support gay marriage. Most people don't even remember Obama's position on gay marriage.
index: 88782106
I'm a queer female and my male friend is gay and we always used to say we were married. No one ever got mad at us. I have another lesbian friend who calls her gay male friend her husband and he calls her his wife.
index: 50982267
I'm a girl who can appreciate other girls. But I wouldn't call myself bisexual either. To me, I see sexuality as who you can partner up with. I know there are poly relationships and many other things, but I'm trying to keep this simple. Example, if a man told me he was gay I would assume if he ever wanted to marry he'd marry a man. If a man told me he was straight I would assume if he wanted to marry he'd marry a woman. If a man told me he was bisexual I would assume he'd be fine with marrying a man or a woman if he chose to marry. Which is why I don't identify myself as bisexual. I don't ever see myself marrying or partnering up with a girl. This is how I view things. Maybe your wife is similar.
index: 16626931
Well this is how religion works. Don't think about us! Think about all these things that are bad. Have faith in us (believe us without reason) but don't believe these things like birth control and gay marriage, you must question all that is bad but not which is good and with God.
index: 18068485
Joe Bidden is one of the main reasons Obama made the announcement so suddenly. Joe Bidden expressed fervent support for gay marriage on a talk show and then everyone started asking what the administration's views were as a whole. Obama had always been in support of gay marriage but had never officially (aka since becoming President) stated that He (and by extension the Administration) were in support of gay marriage nationwide. Joe Bidden pushed it out of the administration because it would have been much worse for them to say, "That is not the official views of the administration" or whatever.
index: 48483443
Yes, sorry. I meant to say "the president can't do much on" same sex marriage and abortion. As far as I know, at least. That's why I'm much more interested in a candidate's stance on money in politics, the drug war, foreign policy, etc.
index: 71726465
So the civil rights movement and womens rights movement and the hippie movements and the gay marriage movement are all NOT cukturally disenfranchised? Go read a history book, any history book.
index: 69632317
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead. It lets people know you're not a homo. A married guy seems more stable. People see the ring, they think, "At least somebody can stand the son of a bitch." Ladies see the ring, they know immediately that you must have some cash, and your cock must work.
index: 77994653
De quelle vision parles-tu? Je suis albertain mais j'ai passé une grande partie de ma vie au Québec, et je ne remarque aucune différence dans le niveau de tolérance entre les québécois et les albertains en ce qui concerne le marriage homosexuel. Personnellement, je suis homosexuel et je suis aussi à l'aise à exprimer ma sexualité ici qu'au Québec. Vraiment je questionne la validité de cette carte, parce que d'après mon expérience personnelle et de ce que je vois ailleurs sur Internet et dans la média d'ici, au moins 80% (ou bien plus) de la population albertaine est pour les unions de même sexe. Oui, il y a des cowboys en Alberta, mais c'pas le Texas- un fait que le reste du Canada oublie souvent, apparement.
index: 32151989
I worded that really badly sorry. What I mean is that I don't go around constantly telling gay people to change or they go to hell, cause my faith tells me to love and accept everyone which I like to think I do. I just fundamentally disagree with a gay marriage in a Church and personally believe that homosexual acts are a sin, but I can't control it.
index: 18426094
This makes sense if the two sides of the argument are straight people can marry multiple partners and everyone can argue anyone. However, the argument usually is between straight people can marry one person and gay people can marry one person. In the context of the usual argument, it makes no sense to bring up polygamy.
index: 85644245
the bible specifically says that homosexuality is bad. the bible is perfect and the given word of god. therefore god hates homos. christians love the bible and god. ergo: christians hate homos. god wants us to marry, fuck like rabbits and make little christians who will do the same. homosexuality does not fit it with that plan. i feel like i'm stating the obvious here. (and to be clear, i do not share this opinion, whatsoever)
index: 48769784
That's fine that you don't want a marriage. But I, as a gay person, want one. If you don't want a legal one then that is absolutely fine, you should have that choice. But if straight people can get married, I should be able to as well.
index: 49865147
Exactly. Slippery slope is valid as long as you can give arguments as to the validity of each step. Bad Slippery slope arguments are ones like, "if we allow same sex marriage, then people will start marrying animals." There is no argument for this conclusion.
index: 20108868
ALL >>CONTRIY>>muthkarni>BABAJI>specialist 101%GARNTYKE SAATH SOLUTION molvibaba>>+91-9829791419>>chirago dawara>>ilm>>by specialist molviji Uk,usa,kuwait,saudia,dubai,australia,swizreland,newzland,england,canada,london,specialist molvi ji,+91-9829791419>>>inter caste love marriage +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist molvi ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage vashikaran specialist baba ji delhi +91-9829791419 intercaste love marriage love back specialist +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problem solution +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problems +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a boy Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a married woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran by photo Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran in hindi Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran my husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 Love Problem Solution Specialist BENGALI BABA JI +91-9829791419 vashikaran specialist Love vashikaran specialist black magic specialist online black magic specialist get your love back LOVE vashikaran specialist in Andaman & Nicobar Islands , Andhra Pradesh , Arunachal Pradesh , Assam , Bihar , Chandigarh , Chattisgarh , Dadra & Nagar Haveli , Daman & Diu , Delhi , Goa , Gujarat , Haryana , Himachal Pradesh , Jammu & Kashmir , Jharkhand , Karnataka , Kerala , Lakshadweep , Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , Manipur , Meghalaya , Mizoram , Nagaland , Orissa , Pondicherry , Punjab , Rajasthan , Sikkim , Tamil Nadu , Tripura , Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand , West Bengal Blackmagic specialist,vashikaran specialist,intercast love marriage specialist,love problem solutions,blackspells,love spells,voodoo spells,lost love back specialist,bewitchment caster specialist ,witchcraft specialist in:-afghanistan,albania,algeria,angola,argentina,aruba,bahamas,b arbados,belgium,belize,bermuda,bolivia,costa rica,croatia,cuba,czech republic,dominican republic,ecuador,equatorial guinea,greece,greenland,guatemala,guyana,haiti,honduras,hong kong,iran,ireland,israel,jamaica,latvia,luxemberg,morroco,ne therlands,nicargua,panama,papua new guinea,paraguiay,peru,portugal,puerto rica,romania,russia,saint lucia,san marino, urugay,venezuala,paris new zealand,austria,australia, brazil,canada,china,colombia,denmark,finland,france,germany, india,indonesia,italy,malaysia,mexico,nigeria,norway,pakista n,philippines,poland,singapore,south africa,spain,sweden,switzerland,thailand,turkey,united kingdom,united states of america,united arab emireates. Visit My Web Site READ MORE: http://www.disclose.tv/forum/posting.php?mode=post&f=23
index: 77808375
Because it does no inpact my life at all. If two straight people get married it does not effect my life, just as if two gay people go get married. So who am I to tell two consenting adults they can't do something that will not actually hurt anyone, but make them very happy.
index: 99440519
No it isn't, you're saying it's a slippery slope. I never said there was a slope to begin with. A slippery slope argument is more like "Well if you let gay people marry, then how long will it be before we can marry animals?"
index: 21300638
Je trouve ça assez dingue toute l'énergie déployée contre le marriage gay... C'est bon, c'est fait. La faim dans le monde, les sans abris, la disparition des pandas mignons... tellement autre chose à faire que protester contre une loi qui sera jamais révoquée.
index: 96125743
If anything that's the only thing that makes sense to be hung up on. The gay marriage doesn't really affect anybody's life besides the people living it. If life starts at conception, then abortion is murder. It's really that simple. If someone believes that then it makes sense to be angry about it.
index: 72804498
There is nothing "sacred" about the texts you speak of, they are just old. Go through your bible and see how many kinds of people that book say's must be put to death. Gay's, women who are not virgins before they marry, unruly children, people who work on the sabbath...it goes on and on.
index: 35519547
What is the line between my moral objection to gay marriage and my moral objection to abortion? Since they believe either one sends you to hell, how could one moral objection be any more viable than the other?
index: 86181657
Do you really believe what youre typing? Should we strip marriage rights from the straights too? what the hell is wrong with equality? People should be able to marry other people they love, regardless of race, orientation, etc. Why do you think gays shouldn't have the same rights? (and don't try to throw in more sensational topics that don't fit in in any way to avoid arguing your point..if you have one)
index: 42379789
That church gives all Christians a bad name. I believe in gay marriage and that god loves us all. He is not a damnable force that wants to see us all in hell. He only wishes for us to be happy. That is all
index: 29617573
That's using a slippery slope logical fallacy though. You can't make or not make decisions because it *might* lead to other things. It's like when people say that you can't let Gay people marry because it will lead to people marrying animals.
index: 62121297
En dehors du marriage homo et du RSA "pour tous". Quelqu'un peut-il me citer les mesures de gauches prises par le gouvernement Hollande pendant 4 and ?
index: 67924087
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 23838144
Fight *for* civil rights by depriving others of their civil rights. Yeah, it's like the '60s, all over again, even down to the invocation of states' rights. Meanwhile, many who knew King best, including his own wife, believed he would've been in support of marriage equality.
index: 85421347
the point is most people just parrot whatever they're told and do whatever they're told. Homosexuality is bad and why? Because Bible. Gay marriage is also bad because bible. Doesn't matter whether its right or wrong those people have 'blind' devotion. They don't think about it they just do it.
index: 18435788
Ron Paul definitely holds many libertarian views, but he doesn't speak for all libertarians. Obviously I don't either, but I think it's a stretch to say our support of gay marriage is weak. We effectively wanted gays, polygamists, and anyone else to be able to get married. I would look to the views of the candidates of the LP.
index: 70236815
I would say Biden did a good job in championing progressive causes from the VP chair. He came out in support of gay marriage literally days before Obama, many actually crediting Biden with being the push on Obama to confirm it publicly.
index: 11758747
As a Muslim, i am offended by these other "Muslims," they are way off the path. It is not a Muslims duty to judge, kill, or force ANYONE to do anything. A muslim's duty is to worship god and inform others, if others choose to not believe, then that is their decision. I have many friends that are Atheist, Christian, Jewish, Buddhist, etc... And I love and respect every one of them. I also have friends that are homosexuals as well, and while I do not agree with their lifestyle or even in gay marriage, I am not stopping them from doing anything. They all know my feelings and they respect my opinion as much as I respect their rights as human beings to do whatever they want. Muslims are supposed to adhere to the laws of where they live, unless they are against Islam. I can't think of any law anywhere that would force me to do something that I am not allowed to do according to god. Sure there are laws that allow things that are forbidden in Islam, but they are not forcing anyone to do those things. Peace.
index: 40468016
Wordplay. Baseless assertions. Left is only useful as a concept if it's the negation of right. Gay marriage is a very useful concept and is not the negation of the old idea of marriage but its expansion and generalization through the deletion an irrelevant stipulation, "one man, one woman".
index: 34060632
Fuck Beck to make Hannity jealous. Hannity comes in and confesses his love for you. At this time, kill Hannity so you can be free to marry Huckabee. By Huckabee's logic, he goes to hell because he doesn't approve of gay marriage. Beck ends up with a wounded asshole, Hannity is dead, and Huckabee thinks he's going to Hell.
index: 16957796
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 70384321
I hate hate hate people like that. Well maybe I don't hate the people but I definitely hate their idea about that. Having your own beliefs is fine, but making laws that EVERYONE has to follow, whether they share your beliefs or not, is wrong. For example, if you don't agree with gay marriage, then don't be involved in a gay marriage. If you don't agree with abortion, then don't get an abortion. These are fine, but saying everyone has to not do something because you think it's wrong, is not right.
index: 96986823
hahaha. Egg>Egg-substitute though, British or not. Can we refer to all extraneous love interests as Eggs? Like Tahlia can be Married Lesbian Egg. Travis was Tow Truck Egg. Jake was Karate Egg. So on, and so forth.
index: 20281160
Well I have three. My husband, so good deal there. A girl best friend, who says that if we were lesbians we would be married, so good deal there too. My other one is a guy best friend who is practically my brother and I just feel weird about that.
index: 37698010
Gay marriage is also off topic, one should only post about them if the situation is somehow related to atheism: For example, if someone posted: "Gay marriage is great!" it would be removed, but if someone posts an article about a bishop saying: "God hates fags!" it wouldn't be.
index: 94660175
I could tell my Mother anything...anything except this. I have an older brother who is also gay, and married... and my Mom loves him and husband to pieces...but for some reason, I cannot bring myself to tell my Mom that I'm gay too, it would crush her.
index: 87975654
I don't know... some of the people in the video certainly may have been trans. Also, straight trans people have marriage rights, and gay trans people want marriage rights... I don't see a reason to assume that trans people are being left out.
index: 31640765
"Cultural Marxism" is nothing more than a dumb conspiracy theory. There are no nefarious plans out there to "destroy the family unit." If anything, the focus on gay marriage actually *reenforces* traditional family units because they define meaningful relationships through the very traditional idea of marriage, as well as reenforcing that a marriage is only between two people (as opposed to the practice of polygyny). And the ideas around "Cultural Marxism" are based on Euro-American Christianity and national religion, so again I'm perplexed as to why Muslims would support the idea.
index: 40810292
Gay married Wal-Mart employees are now eligible for 29 hour work weeks and all corresponding benefits just like all other Wal-Mart employees. Wal-Mart executives remind all employees to be grateful they don't get less.
index: 52082476
The pity trip is uncalled for. Gays are massively overrepresented among the elite. A more accurate story would tell of downtrodden masses trying to uphold their ancestors' definition of marriage against the intelligentsia's whims du jour.
index: 37535821
Slippery slope is a logical fallacy. It doesn't have any basis in fact. The slippery slope argument is the same argument when people say allowing gay marriage will eventually lead to people marrying animals.
index: 79433382
I'm sure you didn't mean any offense by this, but you realize you're equating equal rights movements for sexual preferences and identities that have existed pretty much since the beginning of time with bizarre subcultures? It almost comes off as suggesting that the gay rights movement and gay marriage was just a counterculture movement and not a fight for equal rights. Again, I'm sure you meant no offense and were joking, but it could be offensive to some. I could be wrong.
index: 28680077
"Gay people shouldn't be allowed to get married" or "Gay people are gross. Like ew why would you do that" OR "People choose to be gay" I mean I'm straight, but some people are so dumb. Ermahgerd
index: 54119116
There is a difference between being anti gay marriage and being anti-gay. Also, can you point me to your source that "She will not admit that at one point she was anti gay and insists that she has always been consistent". I haven't heard that about her, even assuming you mean anti gay marriage.
index: 34819642
She makes a good point. I think the better comparison is same-sex marriage to polygamy. And if she had used that example then I think she'd have a valid point. There is no non-religious reason I can think of for why polygamy should be illegal.
index: 20051013
She is not progressive. She's only as progressive as she needs to be for whatever audience she's speaking to not think she's satan. She wasn't even pro gay marriage until it became politically convenient, I don't even know what her true stance is. It's pretty clear, looking at where her donations came from, any policies she enacts will not benefit you, or I.
index: 49302399
I see people making the argument of after allowing gay marriage the next step will by polygamy as in a slippery slope argument. Am I the only one that polygamy should also be allowed with gay marriage laws?
index: 40972434
There are some quasi-independent types in the rockies and western states who could swing from R to D, but the Republicans play their push button issues (gay marriage, abortion, etc.) so well they'll always have a core group no matter what they do.
index: 45348608
I have never had any intent to be tolerant of everyone, even if they are tolerant of me. Even if a believer accepts my atheism, they will still often go out and argue for teaching of creationism in schools, the banning of gay marriage, and will continue to teach their children misinformation to continue the ignorance and restrict science. This does not mean I cannot be nice and respectful towards people with other beliefs than mine, but I am NOT obligated to respect or be tolerant of the beliefs.
index: 58896675
I'm not exactly a gay marriage apologist, but I seriously question how gay marriage is unjust. If anything, it seems more like God's will in this situation is a mandated "injustice" if justice is to be seen as total fairness and equity.
index: 75300244
I would argue that gay marriage, abortion, and climate change are some pretty real issues. I think the problem is the way the mass media plays up these issues in a way that makes American's somehow think that these are the ONLY issues.
index: 25898970
A bigot is someone who is intolerant of those who hold a different opinion. Having the opinion that gays should not marry does not make her a bigot. Trying to force others to follow her opinion would. We think her opinion is wrong, but if we try to bully her into not holding an opinion different than us, we are the bigots.
index: 74215355
"Uk politics is broken" Yes this, as someone who is on the right when it comes to foreign policy and defence, but is pretty far left on social policy's like drugs and Gay marriage I find it very hard to find a party to vote for.
index: 74825020
Can someone give me a reason why I should care if two gay folks want to get married? Because I really don't. Can someone also tell me why I should even care in the first place?
index: 97360587
Comments like these make me wonder how anyone can say that gay people are ruining the sanctity of marriage. Cheating, lying, domestic abuse, divorce at 60%...yeah, they aren't they ones ruining marriage.
index: 68282713
I think religion is based on personal opinions. If you personally don't like gay marriage, abortion and evolution, that is your choice, you don't have to get gay married, have an abortion or believe in evolution. When you try to enforce others to believe what you believe, that is based on your traditional understanding that people should follow your tradition which they will attribute to religion.
index: 26513329
Morality is about individual opinion. Christians believe abortion and gay marriage is immoral. Racists think interracial marriages are immoral. You think eating meat is immoral. Sorry but your beliefs aren't my beliefs, they're not the majority's beliefs, and they're not the moral beliefs just because you want to be right.
index: 84566160
Exxon Mobil (another company against gay marriage) buys a good chunk of their oil from mexico. So even if there was a way to make sure you're not buying OPEC gas, chances are it's from Exxon Mobil.
index: 87783638
...was there some kind of revolution after i unsubbed from /atheism? i went back looking for all the posts about gay marriage and abortion that regularly wound up with "what does this have to do with atheism?" as the top comment and it was pages before i found a single one. instead the whole front page was filled with posts that actually related to atheism, specifically. i was gobsmacked.
index: 73448529
I agree with you, but saying "feminism is stupid" is just dumb. Any task is easier when split into distinct steps - hence feminism, black pride, LGBT rights, etc. They're all fighting for the same thing: equal rights for ALL people. Wouldn't it be weird for LGBT activists to fight for "straight marriage?" And yet, I'm sure you support marriage equality and don't think all gays hate straights. You can still fight for men's rights (there's a whole subreddit for that) while being an ally to gays, women, minorities, etc. The fight for human equality is not a zero-sum game.
index: 37789329
"Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work."
index: 74576219
thats actually what i'm secretly hoping for, myself and my cadre of polygamist donkey fuckers are hoping the gay marriage issue opens the door for us to fuck and marry as many donkeys as god demands of us. the true god of abraham and jebus and all that. all that.
index: 81029712
The gay marriage argument of you love who you love is about two CONSENTING ADULTS not one person just taking what they want. Fail to see how the gay marriage argument has ANY similarity to the pedo argument IN ANY WAY.
index: 79853568
If a straight couple can get married I see no reason why a gay couple shouldn't be able to get married although why anyone would want to get married in the first place is be beyond me
index: 12316669
Lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 49802391
While there is significant overlap between what lies beneath moral panic and what lies beneath boogeymen, moral panic is typically caused by a perceived INTERNAL social threat, such as drugs, homosexuality, interracial marriage, etc.
index: 97939275
But it's still intolerance. We are intolerant of their belief that the government should only sanction marriage between one man and one woman. Our view is that gay marriage doesn't hurt them or society. They don't agree with that. You say that standard only exists in their minds -- that is true, but that is true of *any* moral standard.
index: 92681612
HAHA! What a putz! I wonder if this will get any media coverage. I also wonder if he can come up with a moving personal narrative about how he came to realize the true evils of gay marriage, despite his past opinions.
index: 17595491
According to my family law professor, no. Since common law marriage is rooted in historical practices, and same sex marriage did not exist previously, it has no historical foundation to fall with the common law marriage definition.
index: 36988245
ALL >>CONTRIY>>muthkarni>BABAJI>specialist 101%GARNTYKE SAATH SOLUTION molvibaba>>+91-9829791419>>chirago dawara>>ilm>>by specialist molviji Uk,usa,kuwait,saudia,dubai,australia,swizreland,newzland,england,canada,london,specialist molvi ji,+91-9829791419>>>inter caste love marriage +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist molvi ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage vashikaran specialist baba ji delhi +91-9829791419 intercaste love marriage love back specialist +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problem solution +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problems +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a boy Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a married woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran by photo Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran in hindi Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran my husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 Love Problem Solution Specialist BENGALI BABA JI +91-9829791419 vashikaran specialist Love vashikaran specialist black magic specialist online black magic specialist get your love back LOVE vashikaran specialist in Andaman & Nicobar Islands , Andhra Pradesh , Arunachal Pradesh , Assam , Bihar , Chandigarh , Chattisgarh , Dadra & Nagar Haveli , Daman & Diu , Delhi , Goa , Gujarat , Haryana , Himachal Pradesh , Jammu & Kashmir , Jharkhand , Karnataka , Kerala , Lakshadweep , Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , Manipur , Meghalaya , Mizoram , Nagaland , Orissa , Pondicherry , Punjab , Rajasthan , Sikkim , Tamil Nadu , Tripura , Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand , West Bengal Blackmagic specialist,vashikaran specialist,intercast love marriage specialist,love problem solutions,blackspells,love spells,voodoo spells,lost love back specialist,bewitchment caster specialist ,witchcraft specialist in:-afghanistan,albania,algeria,angola,argentina,aruba,bahamas,b arbados,belgium,belize,bermuda,bolivia,costa rica,croatia,cuba,czech republic,dominican republic,ecuador,equatorial guinea,greece,greenland,guatemala,guyana,haiti,honduras,hong kong,iran,ireland,israel,jamaica,latvia,luxemberg,morroco,ne therlands,nicargua,panama,papua new guinea,paraguiay,peru,portugal,puerto rica,romania,russia,saint lucia,san marino, urugay,venezuala,paris new zealand,austria,australia, brazil,canada,china,colombia,denmark,finland,france,germany, india,indonesia,italy,malaysia,mexico,nigeria,norway,pakista n,philippines,poland,singapore,south africa,spain,sweden,switzerland,thailand,turkey,united kingdom,united states of america,united arab emireates. Visit My Web Site READ MORE: http://www.disclose.tv/forum/posting.php?mode=post&f=23
index: 76431082
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 68165492
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead; lets people know you're not a homo. Married guy seems more stable. People see the ring, they think 'at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch'. Ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 56973415
I agree that people should be free to do whatever they want; including gay people who want to get married. On the other hand, any church should also be free to decide who they let get married there. If they don't want to marry gays, so be it. Somebody else will marry them and everyone can be happy.
index: 11241721
Of course this is gay rights. The rights of LGBT people includes the right to live freely without persecution. The LGBT rights movements didn't start by calling for marriage equality, they had to fight for the right to live freely, before anything else.
index: 45596549
I don't care if gay people get married. If gay people get married I don't care, if they don't instill don't care. But if anyone gets married I want to be invited to the reception because they are a perfect place to meet women.
index: 15917532
To me, I don't think it's my place to tell others how to live their lives, so even though I don't agree with homosexuality and I believe it is a sin, it is not my place, nor the governments, to tell people they can't be together. That's my take on it and how you can be Christian and still support the right of people to engage in gay marriage. To my knowledge, the Bible never says to force your view point on others, or society.
index: 96004439
I don't think he was implying they don't. He was referencing the bigoted commentors thatt say things like, "If gays are allowed to marry, it will ruin the sanctity of marriage," while they don't mention the fact that around half of straight marriages end in divorce (another thing that's "ruining" marriage).
index: 92142289
This is actually a common thing in my family. I have an Aunt, great aunt, my moms cousin, and three other cousins (all female) who never married. The cousins still could, but are reaching their late 40s, so getting kind of up there for a first marriage. I'm suspecting closet lesbians in all cases.
index: 97751858
Perfect example of this, is the CFO of a company that treated a Chick-fila employee very poorly in the drive thru. Due to the fact that they don't support gay marriage. Edit link Chick-Fil-A Drive-Through Bully Hassles Employee And Gets Fired: https://youtu.be/DqhjFkfDbcg
index: 24208706
Did your mother assume that you were a lesbian too? I got the "you don't wear make up, you have short hair, I knew you were a lesbian." Except she didn't say lesbian, and used a lot more obscenities. I still don't wear make up, have long hair, am married to a man and don't speak to her anymore.
index: 47136216
Hollywood actress Lindsay Lohan's girl friend Samantha Ronson has spoken out about California’s Proposition 8, which bans same-sex marriages. She expressed shock that voters approved an animal-rights initiative but discarded measures for gay marriage and adoption.
index: 87087713
If straight people think they have an entitlement to decide whether or not gay people get married, it's only fair that straight people should have to face a council of homosexuals that decide whether or not they can get married.
index: 45771736
I mean that they vote based on strong moral beliefs. Unfortunately, usually they're voting to force their strong moral beliefs down other people's throats, like with abortion, gay marriage, prayer in school, etc, but just because they're dumb beliefs and trying to force them on us doesn't mean they're not moral values.
index: 39513850
I'm saying people like OP are teaching tolerance, but only if they have the exact same view point. For instance, I can't say I don't believe in gay marriage and I think it is wrong and a sin, but they can express the opposite view point with no problem. You can't be tolerant unless their are different view points...
index: 72074834
Wait, huh? I'm a Christian and I've always been taught to love every single person on earth, no matter what. And I mean no matter what. I might can understand why they say towards gays because of the marriage thing, but women? And please understand a true Christian doesn't hate gays at all. A true Christian, like I said, loves everyone. I hate people think this way.
index: 62020152
Not exactly, both are far from equality, but as far as I know, in the UK we have civil partnerships which come with most (if not all) the rights that a marriage does, where as in America those rights only extend to the state and where gay marriage has been legalised, some still don't have all the equal rights.
index: 80082063
The president has nothing to do with it. It's the oil cartel that wants gas prices to be a non-issue. If the prices are on their way down that makes people happy about gas prices, so everyone will talk about more frivolous topics like gay marriage and abortion and the campaign will be about those issue and not oil/gas prices.
index: 33112743
Gays aren't fighting for marriage because it's the easiest thing to do, they're fighting for it because it's the right thing to do. And no, a bigot is not someone who is trying to force their opinion on someone else, a bigot is someone who believes that a certain group of people is inferior to other people. Opinions can be wrong. Yours is.
index: 61825655
All I'm saying is that we have to define terms. America being a part of Western society gives historical context to how marriage has been defined. I'm not trying to make a value judgement. I am simply pointing out that if one accepts the traditional definition of marriage, then marriage equality did in fact exist before Friday's decision but did not exist when interracial bans were in place.
index: 51603697
Iirc, Obama coming out in favor of gay marriage when he did had to do with Biden coming out in favor of gay marriage. Obama was waiting to do it, but then Biden announced he was in favor of gay marriage, and then Obama came out in favor of it a couple days later. So hopefully Old Diamond Joe will come out in favor of pot, too.
index: 50083752
That still doesn't make sense though. Sure, straight marriage is what's "traditional", but why does that mean all the straight people get a say in whether or not gay marriage should be allowed? They aren't affected, they shouldn't get to say if gay people should be able to marry or not. It just doesn't seem logical to me.
index: 77480834
Meray 1 dost k peechay 1 married women peechay lagi hoi hai...uski relative hi hai...wo married bandi bas emotional cheating karna chathi hai...meray dost ki phati pari hai k agar khandan mai kisi ko pata chal gya to ghar walay kisi ko moun dikhahnay k qabil nhi rahay gay.
index: 40100055
I know someone who was a lesbian all her life, then fell in love with a man and married him and had a kid. She still seems to find other women attractive rather than other men: her husband is the only man she finds attractive. Weird how the world works, sometimes.
index: 35623229
Mostly there social values. I swing to the left when it comes to things like gay marriage, abortion, etc. And since social issues are one of my most important concerns, we are naturally enemies.
index: 35965120
Homosexual unions are a symptom, not a cause, at this point. They are a symptom of a cultural fight over fundamental values. Marriage as the union between one man and one woman is a touchstone of Western civilization for 2,000 years. When peopel no longer think men and women differ significantly it's clear that we're in bad straits.
index: 12483935
The opponent usually says "you are a racist!" completely missing the point. Then I'm like "So let's say I'm a racist. Since I just equated interracial marriage and same-sex marriage, then it follows that I'm homophobic too. But wait, you are the one who's homophobic!"
index: 10459789
Right, fix inequality. You should also expand rights. I have as much right to marry the same sex as much as gay folk, but that doesn't mean we didn't have equal rights. The government simply expanded rights, not fix inequality.
index: 49349004
The Constitution doesn't grant equal emotions for all, it grants equal rights. Right now, gays and straights have the same marriage rights. Doesn't matter how you feel about it, the facts still stand. The gay activist community should actually be fighting for "new rights," as that is what they are actually fighting for.
index: 56226565
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 31391054
Viva Las Vegas Wedding Chapel provides best Traditional Las Vegas Weddings, Elvis Style Weddings and Themed based Style Weddings in Las Vegas. We also provide same-sex marriage in Nevada. So come join with us when it's time to celebrate your marriage.
index: 71170970
But you were wrong. While I have no problem with gay marriage, you were completely wrong to say anyone is advocating different laws for gay and straight people. Straight people cannot marry someone of the same sex, either.
index: 63754715
Because for the same reason that some people use the argument that allowing gay marriage is some kind of slippery slope to people marrying other species or inanimate objects... *because some people don't understand what consent means*
index: 49808025
So if I say the bible condones gay marriage because I interpreted the bible that way, does that make it true? Does an interpretation of a story make it true? Is the way you interpret it correct? Or is someone else's interpretation correct?
index: 60095687
Tu cites 5 secondes d'une vidéo qui dure 1h et des. Et perso, quand je vois [ça](http://www.returnofkings.com/76347/10-things-my-dog-taught-me-about-women), [ça](http://www.returnofkings.com/75194/why-women-shouldnt-work), [ça](http://www.returnofkings.com/76101/was-911-an-inside-job) et [ça](http://www.returnofkings.com/75203/why-homosexual-marriage-matters-for-straight-men), j'ai du mal à croire que c'est moi qui m'invente ds histoires, et encore plus à prendre tes sources comme potables.
index: 75134118
You missed the part where our state disappointingly voted away the civil rights of others. It may be legal process, but those of us who support gay marriage can still be unhappy about the results. Then get back up and keep fighting for equality.
index: 76175325
I know a gay woman who had a child via a sperm bank donor. She met another woman (who also had a sperm bank baby), they fell in love and got married. They later realized that they both used the same sperm donor. (I live in a city with a population of >600,000.)
index: 40308782
Let me rephrase that. How does it affect you? Again, because gay people are allowed to marry *in no way* affects your life unless you make it so they do. You don't have to have a gay marriage to admit that it's okay for other people, but saying you don't think they should is bigotry. *That's* actually simple.
index: 11342206
And it is freedom from consequences if the government is your employer. Especially if it's political speech. If back in 1950 I said I support gay marriage and was fired from a government job for supporting gay rights vocally, I constitutionally could not be fired.
index: 23295772
My mom knew my dad was gay when she married him. She said she thought he was bisexual, which maybe he is. He's a serial monogamist is what he is. He married three woman, then a man, divorced him, and now is in a relationship with a woman. I don't think it's very sexual though. (I don't ask.)
index: 19986274
Well there's also people out there holding signs that are pro gay marriage, which to the opposing side is against their beliefs. How are they wrong? Intolerance is intolerance, regardless of views. We are all free thinking people, you may hate their view but it's theirs to have. This is my whole problem here. We are entitled to think however we want and if you're forcing your views on someone than how's that ok?
index: 97083800
As a Christian, I believe gays have the right to love and marry whoever they want. Our bible doesn't tell us to hate anyone. It does say, however, that the only one who can condem anyone is God. We have no right, as people, to condem or hate others. We're suppose to help others. WBC gives us a bad name because people start believing that's how all Christians are or they believe that's how we think, it's not true. Not all of us are self righteous bigots.
index: 25181629
ESCAPE TO CANADA (Albert Nerenberg, CANADA, 2005) Called ‘an altogether winning portrait of a country’ by Variety and a ‘fantastic drama’ by the Montreal Mirror, Escape to Canada is a comical, hot-blooded voyage across Canada’s freedom adventure. The film spotlights the ‘Summer of Legalization’, when same-sex marriage spread from province to province and marijuana cafes opened across the land. Suddenly Canada is a refuge for a AWOL soldiers fleeing the war in IRAQ, gay couples fleeing Bush’s America and ‘reefer refugees’. ‘Albert Nerenberg director of the hit Stupidity along with a team of videographers tell it with blazing cinematography and comic absurdity.’ With Conservatives in power and many of its character’s now in peril, Escape to Canada is the ‘Battle for Canada’ revealed. Escape is a weird kind of party movie, stoned or not, Escape to Canada will give you a patriotic rush. A National Film Board of Canada and Elevator Films co-production for Canal D, Documentary Channel and Movie Central. Produced by Shannon Brown. 84 Minutes
index: 24845163
This is simply not true. The idea that some people are innately homosexual and some are innately heterosexual is purely a modern, western one. Historically people engaged in homosexual activity to various degrees but not exclusively. Gay marriage is a purely modern idea.
index: 47059646
Pour beaucoup le mariage est une institution catholique avec un monsieur et une dame. Pour d'autres autoriser le marriage gay c'est laisser la possibilité aux polygames le droit de se marier (et y'a d'autres "arguments")
index: 88041363
ALL >>CONTRIY>>muthkarni>BABAJI>specialist 101%GARNTYKE SAATH SOLUTION molvibaba>>+91-9829791419>>chirago dawara>>ilm>>by specialist molviji Uk,usa,kuwait,saudia,dubai,australia,swizreland,newzland,england,canada,london,specialist molvi ji,+91-9829791419>>>inter caste love marriage +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist molvi ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage vashikaran specialist baba ji delhi +91-9829791419 intercaste love marriage love back specialist +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problem solution +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problems +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a boy Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a married woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran by photo Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran in hindi Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran my husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 Love Problem Solution Specialist BENGALI BABA JI +91-9829791419 vashikaran specialist Love vashikaran specialist black magic specialist online black magic specialist get your love back LOVE vashikaran specialist in Andaman & Nicobar Islands , Andhra Pradesh , Arunachal Pradesh , Assam , Bihar , Chandigarh , Chattisgarh , Dadra & Nagar Haveli , Daman & Diu , Delhi , Goa , Gujarat , Haryana , Himachal Pradesh , Jammu & Kashmir , Jharkhand , Karnataka , Kerala , Lakshadweep , Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , Manipur , Meghalaya , Mizoram , Nagaland , Orissa , Pondicherry , Punjab , Rajasthan , Sikkim , Tamil Nadu , Tripura , Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand , West Bengal Blackmagic specialist,vashikaran specialist,intercast love marriage specialist,love problem solutions,blackspells,love spells,voodoo spells,lost love back specialist,bewitchment caster specialist ,witchcraft specialist in:-afghanistan,albania,algeria,angola,argentina,aruba,bahamas,b arbados,belgium,belize,bermuda,bolivia,costa rica,croatia,cuba,czech republic,dominican republic,ecuador,equatorial guinea,greece,greenland,guatemala,guyana,haiti,honduras,hong kong,iran,ireland,israel,jamaica,latvia,luxemberg,morroco,ne therlands,nicargua,panama,papua new guinea,paraguiay,peru,portugal,puerto rica,romania,russia,saint lucia,san marino, urugay,venezuala,paris new zealand,austria,australia, brazil,canada,china,colombia,denmark,finland,france,germany, india,indonesia,italy,malaysia,mexico,nigeria,norway,pakista n,philippines,poland,singapore,south africa,spain,sweden,switzerland,thailand,turkey,united kingdom,united states of america,united arab emireates. Visit My Web Site READ MORE: http://www.disclose.tv/forum/posting.php?mode=post&f=23
index: 97269373
There are lots of Republicans that support gay marriage. Arnold Schwarzenegger supports it and he is a lifelong Republican. Also Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama once opposed gay marriage very recently, people seem to be conveniently forgetting their stances on gay marriage from just a few years ago.
index: 13676663
Corporate America uses LGBT rights in fucking TV ads. If there were a true struggle maybe it would be different. But the main difference between full LGBT rights is not very different from what we have now. Marriage, a few legal protections from discrimination, and??? This is a casual win of the ballgame.
index: 74511922
Ce qui est étonnant tout de même c'est de voir l'implication des gens dans ce débat. Je ne suis pas homosexuel ça ne changera absolument rien pour moi. En outre, les arguments sont similaires à ceux utilisés contre les marriages interraciaux. Pour rappel c'est légal depuis 67 aux USA, hier quoi...
index: 59647920
Does anyone actually think this well have any affect on his viewing numbers? If you watch his show, as I do, you know exactly where he stands on most issues. I like how they put his political views on non related issues like pot and same sex marriage though.
index: 89197301
Fundamentally, the right to form coequal legal relations ought to be available to homosexuals as a matter of Due Process. That is, we're getting confused about what a right is. A right is not susceptible to plebiscite. If it were, it would be superfluous qua right. The "people" of California, Arkansas, Florida, etc., can no more vote on the rights of homosexuals to marry than they can vote on the rights of Jews or Puerto Ricans, for example, to speak or to associate. The entire point of a right is to protect minorities from majority tyranny. These ballot measures, as a vehicle to attack an individual right, are extremely dangerous not only to the rights of homosexuals, but also to all other individual rights.
index: 81187448
I don't know, I'm not some kind of marriage expert. I don't care about marriage, I'm not one of the idiots who are like "ZOMFG HOMOZ ARE RUINING TEH SANCTITY OF MARRIAGE!1!!". I just get annoyed because it seems that everything now days is a "right".
index: 40973913
I am going to be candid for a second. Personally I am undecided about gay marriage as I have yet to figure out where I stand. That being said, I think this narrative that the gay rights movement is a continuation of the black civil rights movement is a vast overstatement. Frankly, I don't even think the gay rights movement is the most pressing "rights movement" in the country today.
index: 73877283
As long as they aren't using for either gay or straight, who the hell cares? Let the straight people get pissed off and change things or everyone can keep going over county over to get married. I personally don't see any reason to get upset unless you live there.
index: 97823594
"Adam and Eve, not Adam and Steve" is a clever catchphrase religious people use to discredit the value of gay marriage. The Bible story shows that God created a man and a woman, not two men. Later in the story Adam and Eve have children, Cain and Abel. To explain this joke you'd have to think that Adam and Eve were the only humans on the planet. How then did the world repopulate? Well, Adam and Eve are obvious, but Abel and Cain would have also needed to sleep with Eve in order to have children. So the "Adam and Eve not Eve and Abel" line implies Adam just walked in on an incestuous encounter between his wife and son. The alt then makes reference to the idea that Adam isn't even opposed to gay marriage in the first place.
index: 30616651
Why should Churches be forced to marry gays when there should be plenty of other places where gays should be able to get married. Why should churches be forced to do something they're not supposed to do when there should be other channels to marry gays (´・ω・`)
index: 59880591
Yes and of course that is the only time in recent history that we have been told you are with us or against us. Really? I've been called a hateful bigot recently for not agreeing with others views completely and it wasn't on Sunday morning. Care to explain that? Please don't be an idiot and feign ignorance either. Be careful before you reply you might accidentally speak "bigot talk". In case you are brain dead I speak of the same sex marriage issue. I don't like bush but I dislike people like you just as much. Hypocrisy is not just a river in Egypt.
index: 70520334
That doesn't mean that a slippery slope argument is logical, it just means that it's often abused to scare people into falling in line. Also, as an informal fallacy, the slippery slope can be a logical argument, but it has to be backed by real evidence and logic. You can't just come out and say "if we let homosexuals marry, then soon people will be marrying animals."
index: 98342453
People who use the bible as a reason to deny others rights, like gay marriage, but either haven't read their bible or just choose to ignore other parts of it. Like not eating bacon, no tattoos, or all the rules about how to treat a slave. It's fine if you want to follow the bible, but you better know your stuff and not be cherry picking.
index: 59467441
En faite, ça jamais été décriminalisé. Comme j'ai dit plus bas, Chrétien a dû choisir entre décriminaliser le cannabis ou légaliser les marriages gays en raison de la pression américaine. Sous Paul Martin, les libéraux sont devenus minoritaires et dépendaient des conservateurs pour faire passer leurs budgets, vous connaissez la suite.
index: 24850492
Because the store is selling wedding cakes but refuses to do so if they're used by homosexuals. If the store didn't sell wedding cakes period, it wouldn't be an issue. Marriage is also frequently connected with sexuality, since the two typically go together.
index: 26685682
Well it's my lesbian best friend so we would actually get along pretty well....I'm also gay so that obsession with straight married guys that gay guys seem to have would mean I would be swimming in dick. So pretty well haha
index: 44326909
''J'ai espoir que le peuple québécois soit un pionnier d'un changement politique occidental. '' Et de quel changement parles-tu? Le vrai changement politique qui se produit dans le monde est pour la liberté. Les Québecois comme d'habitude en demande moins, je ne vois pas en quoi on va inspirer la planète avec notre socialisme. Si tu veux voire de quoi a l'aire le mouvement dont je parles, regarde la course pour la nomination du partie républicain au État-Unis, les deux candidat qui sont en liste pour gagner represente exactment le mouvement du quel on devrait s'inspirer au Québec, soit l'establishment contre Ron Paul, un libertarian qui veux abolir la FED, legaliser les drogues, legaliser le marriages gay, ramener l'armée Americaines, au État-Unis et en finir avec les guerres au terrorist et couper 1 trillion par année dans l'armée.
index: 81921699
By your logic essentially no politician currently in office anywhere leads by example. Remember when Biden goofed and let slip that he supports gay marriage? Then Obama had to come out in support as well? Such great leadership!
index: 90288308
I agree. The largest issue of "gay rights" is the right to marry. With the civil rights movement, it was about fighting for a plethora of rights not limited to marriage. They fought for the right to be looked upon as equal in all areas of society.
index: 79131803
I am a straight married woman that only watches lesbian porn. Those bitches are too hot. I never have had a crush on a girl or have wanted anything romantic. I also have never had sex with a girl. I just like to watch two hot girls go at it to get my rocks off. Then I go hump my husband....
index: 44143768
I see gay marriage as a sin. I see adultery as a sin. I see murder as a sin. Obviously the only one that is a "crime" now a days is murder. Even if things that I distinguish as a sin, people will still do said sin. It's more of a "I don't agree with what you are doing, but you are free to do what you please on this Earth."
index: 71441814
"Math exists. Math makes sense. Math is truth. I love math." Do you have a problem with that? Let's replace math with Thor. "Thor exists. Thor makes sense. Thor is truth. I love Thor." Just because an argument works with one thing doesn't make it work with everything. A lot of anti gay marriage arguments sound like anti interracial marriage arguments, but I know they are different so I don't discredit the arguments because of that.
index: 35233961
I am sorry, but I must disagree with you. I do not believe that someone is necessarily stupid because of an opinion they hold. Marginalizing someone based on an opinion they hold is the exact same thing people against gay marriage do/did.
index: 22754240
Too many Mother's Day posts to actually see any posts on the gay marriage news. Like, I have seen literally zero posts on it except from like 1 gay friend.
index: 32395909
your argument is fucking terrible. You're argument is similar to someone when talking about gay marriage would say "Well if we let gays marry then where do we draw the line? Do we let people who love their dog marry their dog??" It is known that animals and humans are not treated equally so stop trying to compare the two.
index: 55263936
Aren't you judging me for judging them? Say what you will, but I'm simply stating what the Bible teaches, and that I believe the Bible to be true. You don't have to agree with me, but if we are claim that the things that I say are judgmental, then every person is judgmental. I don't go out of my why to point out every wrong thing that people do all the time. I'm more concerned with the wrong things I do. But if someone asks me, "What is your stance on gay marriage?" I am going to answer honestly.
index: 43118772
Historically it's a factual statement, but anyone saying that fundamentalist Christianity in the 21st century is functionally just as dangerous as fundamentalist Islam is in the 21st century is just spouting liberal bullshit. Are Christians throwing acid in the faces of unveiled women in Karachi, or are they begrudgingly legalizing gay marriage? This isn't 1095, most modern Christians don't take their religion seriously enough for it to be a concern.
index: 84116382
Je trouve ca étonnant de comparer Baby-Loup ou une salariée imposait par un choix personnel un signe religieux à ses collègues qui se voulaient laic et l'histoire du remarriage qui est une décision personnelle dans établissement qui se veux chrétien face au fait d'être homosexuel qui n'est pas un choix. J'ai du mal à voir en quoi virer les homos permet à cet établissement de "sauvegarder la bonne marche de son entreprise en lui conservant son caractère propre et sa réputation" alors que cet employé avait donné satisfaction jusqu'à l'arrivé de cette personne de la manif pour tout.
index: 72948854
Because this makes Gingrich a massive hypocrite when he blames gays for trying to defile the sanctity of marriage, or when, for instance, he impeached Clinton for having a blowjob, or generally whenever he attempts to play the family values card.
index: 61531324
Not at all. If you are a married gay woman, you have a wife (ask any married gay woman). If you are a married gay man, you have a husband (ask any married gay man). I know this because I have 2 married gay friends, both male, and they say that their spouse is their husband.
index: 96177134
Straight people getting gay married too would be a bit oxymoronic, would it not? And yet again another failure to answer the question I'm asking...It is a very simple question I've asked and so far no-one here has given anything even approaching an answer.
index: 33253599
Yeah dude, it's really tough and masculine to be a sloppy pig. You should write for Bud Light commercials or lousy sitcoms- your philosophy is perfect for that kind of tripe! I've always had a clean apartment, and I'm definitely not gay. Doing housework = being a grownup. Thinking housework is for sissies = being a pampered mama's boy who gets married so he can have a new mommy to do his work for him.
index: 23444066
You have missed the point actually. If you choose not to shop somewhere because of the religion of its owners than you are a bigot. Saying you do not "believe" in gay marriage is a sugar-coated way of saying you think homosexuality is wrong, and that's fine. It means you're a small minded bigot but you're an individual small minded bigot with no ability to change anything. Quite frankly it doesn't matter what you believe because it makes no difference at all to anyone but yourself. The same can be said for my opinions. But, when a company that turns over millions each year starts taking moral stances on things (and do try to remember that they sell chicken, which has nothing to do with morality all so why they are taking a stance is a total mystery to me) that has the ability to influence how people are treated and that is most certainly a problem.
index: 13576109
What's with all the vile people coming out of the woodwork over the gay marriage vote? It seems like every comment thread on every page on FB the comments just bashing gays seems to be the top comment on every one. Is there a bot network running this? It seems to be such an explosion of bigotry lately
index: 17487151
Exactly. He actually used the word "marginalized" at one point, to describe what same-sex marriage advocates are doing to "traditional marriage" advocates. As if the church has *ever*, in the history of humanity, been marginalized even a *percentage* of how much the LGBT community has been marginalized (usually by the church itself and its supporters).
index: 45995026
Well then there's Hillary who has always been for things and never said otherwise, even when she was recorded on video as being against them. Like gay marriage which she was opposed to, but said recently that she supports and has always supported it. She makes no mistakes with her email servers either.
index: 22228970
How would that not be the case? Explain to me how one consenting adult being able to marry another consenting adult, regardless of gender of either party, would not be marriage equality? Give me a specific situation in which that would not be equal.
index: 80933558
Exactly, it affects no one not directly involved with the marriage. If you're some GoodHonestChristian™ who doesn't like the idea of gay marriage, don't fucking get married to a gay person. It's that simple. Like the fact that it was even up for debate for so long is ridiculous, it affects no one other than the two gay people getting married. Who cares if two gay people get married, it literally does not matter or affect anyone but the two people getting married.
index: 23507740
I'm not going to quote the bible because I don't have an extensive knowledge on the subject but from what I've learned from my priest; everyone can go to heaven no matter what they believe in: gay marriage, abortion etc. I don't see why God would give us free will and then punish us for using it. How the hell does that make sense to anyone?
index: 48776699
I always think this, a lot of political debate there in the US is over abortion or gay marriage stances, they really didn't come up and if banning abortion was to come up it would be a short time before they weren't in office anymore. It does seem very right wing
index: 94298156
If you look at Canadian laws regarding gay marriage and compare them to American laws regarding gay marriage you have to wonder if the lack of hateful rhetoric in Canada was a partial reason for the progressiveness of the laws.
index: 83690323
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead. It lets people know you're not a homo. A married guy seems more stable. People see the ring, they think 'at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch.' Ladies see the ring, they know immediately that you must have some cash, and your cock must work.
index: 10520440
I do advocate gay marriage. However, it is not because think gay marriage is right. In fact I'm not sure what to think of it. The idea of it makes me uncomfortable, my family and people from church tell me it is wrong. One thing I have learned from being in church and Christian should my whole life is tha Jesus loved everyone. If I want to be a true Christian, then I should love and accept everyone for who they are. So I do. Gay people are people, so they should have every right that everyone else has.
index: 12709561
Pro-abortion doesn't mean you like abortions or that you think people should get them. It means you think people should be able to get them if they want to. If you are pro-gay marriage, it doesn't mean you think all gay people should get married.
index: 31676803
I really didn't want to draw the comparison between polygamous marriage and gay marriage! My only reason for mentioning it is because it's been used in the 'slippery slope' argument against gay marriage. You're right, they are completely different.
index: 19209963
Missouri is historically a 'bellwether' state. Our demographics of Republican/ Democrat, age, and moral values very closely match the nation. Everyone looks to Missouri to see how various issues like gay marriage, stem cell research, abortion and election results will come out. We've correctly called every single election since 1904 except for once in 1956.
index: 42055167
Not op but I may be able to answer. This is America. If we can do something legally why shouldn't it be allowed? Gay marriage is a good metaphor imo, if you don't want to marry a gay person don't do it. There's no reason they can't do something because you don't like it, right?
index: 44898985
I'm not saying there are no atheists that are assholes. I'm saying they aren't using their lack of religion to justify behavior in the way that people use religion to justify behavior. For instance, if I want to ban gay marriage because I hate gay people, I'm simply an asshole. If I want to ban it because my religion says it's so, that's religious freedom.
index: 10836324
Are you kidding me? Trump ran on a campaign comprised almost completely on jobs. Jobs this, jobs that. The illegals are taking our jobs. The bad trade deals are taking our jobs. What does the working class care about? Who a gay man marries? Of course not, it's about jobs for themselves and their kids. Whether you believe him or not is up for debate, but it is blatant ignorance to suggest that Trump didn't go after the working class vote.
index: 44720238
No! Gay men are men who are sexually attracted to men. Gay men are more likely than straight men to have sex with men, but having sex with men is neither necessary nor sufficient to mean a man is gay. A virgin man who is attracted to men is a gay man. A closested man who is attracted to men but married to and having sex with a woman is a gay man. A man who is attracted to women and not attracted to men but has sex with men because there are no women around is a straight man.
index: 30542759
Bhai Amreeka ne kiya hai toh hum bhi karenge. Hai na? Amreeka mein kuch jagah homosexual marriage legal hai. yahan pe kab legal hoga? aur kya BJP kabhi legal karwayegi?
index: 64810570
The fact that beliefs and values can intersect doesn't mean that they are the same thing, because it's possible to have beliefs that conflict with your values-- for instance, see all of the Mormons who support gay marriage despite holding to a belief that it's immoral.
index: 73870689
You do realize up until two years ago that gay people did not even have the right to marriage. They did not always have the same rights as straight people. And no one is giving them extra rights, people are giving them equal rights.
index: 71295839
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 88631042
Libertarians like Rand Paul? or is it that Rand Paul supporters think they are libertarians? I have opened a can of worms by going against Rand Paul in this sub, which is further proof that Rand Paul conservatives have invaded this sub believing they are libertarians. Just because he has a few libertarian leaning positions does not mean he is libertarian. Same-sex marriage is just one of many examples of why Rand Paul is not libertarian.
index: 37442738
This is an atheism issue because most of the people who are against same sex marriage are also religious and they are basing their opinions from their religion. Almost every article submitted in the "Atheist" sub-reddit could be classified as not an atheism issue. After reading this, please edit your post stating that you're wrong.
index: 93583324
Slippery slope is not a valid argument and it's weird to hear gay people use that argument. Slippery slope is the same argument that people against gay marriage used because they claimed if we allowed gay people to marry, then we have to allow polygamous marriages and marriages to animals and inanimate objects. Just because we allow one thing, it doesn't mean we have to allow any other horrible thing you can think of. Laws can be written in ways to be specific about what we are intending to do.
index: 79798934
But.. it is gay marriage. that is what the whole issue is about. gay people getting married. we shouldn't say that two people got gay married or whatever, but when talking about gay marriage in general, it kinda needs the clarifier.
index: 33999321
Ya, I mean I am a full supporter of gay and equal rights. I'm proud that our state was the first to allow gay marriage. However, you can't say out of one side of your face that you want equal rights then out of the other side claim that you're superior to equal rights and that disenfranchisement is your goal. What an idiotic movement and an insult to anyone who put in any real work in attaining equal rights for homosexuals.
index: 78331078
"Marriage is an important part of getting ahead, lets people know you're not a homo, married guy seems more stable, people see the ring they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch, ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work."
index: 86741411
My Mom was friends with Hendrix and the band members of Jefferson Airplane. She rode into Woodstock on the side of Airplane's VW bus and sat on stage during Hendrix's set. Mom used to date Jesse Colin Young. Both of my parents managed the Starland Vocal Band (most well know song is Afternoon Delight) in the early '70s. Crystal Gayle and Amy Carter babysat me on separate occasions. Steve Marriott (RIP) of Humble Pie/Small Faces is my cousin. I had a very very hippy childhood.
index: 43118052
I upvoted you for your *enlightened* views. I respect that. But I have to know, what is your stance on gay marriage, stem cell research, and evolution being taught in public schools, and "creationist theory" ignored entirely (science in schools for science class)? I am not asking these question to be dick or anything, I genuinely respect your point of view, and wish others were so understanding, but a lot of the religion vs. "atheism" arguments come from questions like these
index: 67680217
What is protecting traditional marriage? Like are homos getting married a threat to cis marriages? Will families start falling apart and traditional marriage become worthless if 2 homos can do it as well?
index: 75777237
"Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work."
index: 33829576
we're actually entitled not only to "religious freedom" but we're also entitled to "freedom from religion." you can choose your religion and no one can stop you, but having a religion does not mean you can choose what's right and wrong for someone else. a gay marriage in no way violates anyone's "religious freedom." it doesn't stop people from being catholic or protestant or muslim or jewish. choosing your religion is religious freedom. but let those of us who want freedom from your religion or any other have exactly what you have: freedom.
index: 36552724
I guess it is hard because their views affect directly others. It'd be one thing if they believe lets say gay marriage is wrong because of their religion but recognize that others don't believe that and so don't impose their views on me. Then I would have to even address their beliefs. But since they choose to impose their beliefs on other, now the line between respect/criticize/ confront blur.
index: 53951365
You should mention Trumps long standing support for gays and Hillary's anti gay marriage stance until it was politically advantageous for her. How Trump is bringing the whole gop to a more pro gay position than ever befors.
index: 89002852
Obama said multiple times that he doesn't personally support gay marriage. Same with Joe Biden. And actually same for Trump himself. Not so much his administration but he himself said he thinks it's settles law and doesn't care to change that. But he doesn't "believe in it" himself
index: 70774523
As a Happy married women not on birth control, I can tell you that I find manly men very very attractive. My husband has huge muscles and is meaty. He has a five o'clock beard by 11am. I just think big masculine men have more to offer. Skinny fem guys repulse me, if I wanted that I would have been a lesbian. Oh I love washing away my mans stink. lol
index: 69276804
marriage doesn't produce children, sex does, and it can be argued that marriage reduces the frequency and variety of sex. In that sence, gays produce nothing of value in terms of children, regardless of wether or not they are married. Straight couples can also produce children wether or not they are married.
index: 45122397
I don't think flip-flopping will be their avenue of attack, since it partially implies that the current position is superior to the former one. I see it more as a channel for a full-throated attack on gay marriage generally, which I think will actually help the president in November.
index: 46396426
This is the first time I have ever seen a gay rights post in relation to atheism. I'm surprised that there aren't more of these kinds of posts. When somebody asks me what atheism is about, the first thing that comes to my mind is gay marriage. Followed by Carl Sagan.
index: 68272402
I mean, I don't see why Christians would want to kill anyone. As a whole, Christianity may see homosexuality or same-sex marriages as wrong, but there's no official Christian teaching that I'm aware of that says Christians should kill anyone, homosexuals included. Christian teachings say all lives matter, which is also why Christians are against abortion, because they believe it is taking a life away from someone.
index: 16964581
First off, I don't get offended by drawing parallels. But at the same time, I don't see them being synonymous either. Gay marriage is not the same as the civil rights movement as a whole. The virtues are the same, but that can be said of any civil rights movement. What is it about the black civil rights movement that makes it so special?
index: 19091648
I don't think gay "marriage" devalues anyone else's marriage. This isn't a values issue for me. I'm concerned for society and want to preserve and protect its traditional structure which is based on the nuclear family only. I don't feel that my marriage isunder attack, but I do feel the society I grew up in is.
index: 27507665
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead. It lets people know you're not a homo. A married guy seems more stable. People see the ring, they think 'at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch.' Ladies see the ring, they know immediately that you must have some cash, and your cock must work.
index: 76433596
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 37295791
No. There is a substantial public safety difference between rollerbladers and pedestrians vis-a-vis sidewalks. There is no such difference between homosexuals and heterosexuals vis-a-vis marriage. Moreover, while rollerbladers can indeed take off their rollerblades and walk like everyone else, homosexuals cannot turn off their homosexuality and enjoy a hetrosexual marriage like everyone else.
index: 18532269
Let me preface this by saying I'm for gay rights and voted no on 8. I was just curious how someone would approach this argument: A friend of mine was arguing about two people in love being able to marry. He then went on to say, why shouldn't three people in love be able to marry each other or four and so on. I wasn't able to respond because I think that two consenting adults, regardless of sex, who are in love should be able to marry. I couldn't come up with a valid argument against polygamy.
index: 54333782
I know right? It pisses me off so much that the NRA didn't fight for gay marriage, or against warrantless wiretaps, or for freedom from stop and frisk. I mean, if you fight for one right you are required to fight for all of them, right?
index: 86797914
Here is my take on gay marriage. For those that are against it because the bible says it is wrong, the bible was not written by God or Jesus, or the Holy Spirit for that matter. It is all interpretation, written by human beings just like us. Jesus said nothing about homosexuality, absolutely nothing. With that, take with it what you will
index: 32556642
Clinton was my favorite president either but he was still against "gays in the military" "gay marriage" and although Obama didn't support those things during his campaign as president not only did he support them but he helped make them facts. Clinton was arguably the better financial president but Obama I believe has been the better social issues president.
index: 23018696
Not that I agree with him, but he's talking about *any* policies which threaten the traditional family unit. Catholics don't support divorce either, but they're too late to do anything about that. It's not so much that gay marriage is going to destroy humanity, it's just a further example of humanity's moral decline.
index: 64869304
"Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work."
index: 72420463
I honestly don't believe gay rights is an issue that can be compared to the civil rights movement of Martin Luther King Jr.'s time. I'm not agaonst gay marriage or their rights, but people really over exaggerate the issue, including my sister.
index: 47365310
Sure, the airport is a more exclusive place to open a restaurant, but isn't that still mostly a contractual matter between the airport and the restaurant? The airport can set its own criteria for who can sell concessions there and at what price, but in this instance the airport already appears willing to make a deal, and the City Council is deciding whether to step in and prevent that deal from going through, for no other apparent reason than the opinions of the owner about gay marriage.
index: 60349754
Gay Marriage, if they want to get married, let them get married, I dont see why people have a problem with this, what are you, a child? "You cant get married because I don't want you to". It really pisses me off
index: 48993716
A fallacy is where whatever you said for your argument doesn't really make sense. For example, if I say we should allow same sex marriage, and then you claim that this will lead to marrying animals, you don't make sense. There is nothing about saying we should allow same sex marriage that must lead us to animal marriage. That's a slippery slope fallacy, where you claim something will lead us to something even worse, so we shouldn't do the first thing. It means you have no real argument against same sex marriage, so you try to make same sex and animal marriages the same and then argue animal marriages are bad so same sex is bad.
index: 19598045
Elected? I had the choice between two guys that both would have implemented the same economic policies and "national security" policies. You only have a say in social issues, abortion and gay marriage. You have no say in economic and foreign policy.
index: 58280612
Preserve their own *version* of traditional american family values. Nothing says preserving traditional family values like a 3x divorced man who claims same sex marriage ruins the sanctity of marriage.
index: 65608964
ALL >>CONTRIY>>muthkarni>BABAJI>specialist 101%GARNTYKE SAATH SOLUTION molvibaba>>+91-9829791419>>chirago dawara>>ilm>>by specialist molviji Uk,usa,kuwait,saudia,dubai,australia,swizreland,newzland,england,canada,london,specialist molvi ji,+91-9829791419>>>inter caste love marriage +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist molvi ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage vashikaran specialist baba ji delhi +91-9829791419 intercaste love marriage love back specialist +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problem solution +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problems +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a boy Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a married woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran by photo Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran in hindi Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran my husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 Love Problem Solution Specialist BENGALI BABA JI +91-9829791419 vashikaran specialist Love vashikaran specialist black magic specialist online black magic specialist get your love back LOVE vashikaran specialist in Andaman & Nicobar Islands , Andhra Pradesh , Arunachal Pradesh , Assam , Bihar , Chandigarh , Chattisgarh , Dadra & Nagar Haveli , Daman & Diu , Delhi , Goa , Gujarat , Haryana , Himachal Pradesh , Jammu & Kashmir , Jharkhand , Karnataka , Kerala , Lakshadweep , Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , Manipur , Meghalaya , Mizoram , Nagaland , Orissa , Pondicherry , Punjab , Rajasthan , Sikkim , Tamil Nadu , Tripura , Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand , West Bengal Blackmagic specialist,vashikaran specialist,intercast love marriage specialist,love problem solutions,blackspells,love spells,voodoo spells,lost love back specialist,bewitchment caster specialist ,witchcraft specialist in:-afghanistan,albania,algeria,angola,argentina,aruba,bahamas,b arbados,belgium,belize,bermuda,bolivia,costa rica,croatia,cuba,czech republic,dominican republic,ecuador,equatorial guinea,greece,greenland,guatemala,guyana,haiti,honduras,hong kong,iran,ireland,israel,jamaica,latvia,luxemberg,morroco,ne therlands,nicargua,panama,papua new guinea,paraguiay,peru,portugal,puerto rica,romania,russia,saint lucia,san marino, urugay,venezuala,paris new zealand,austria,australia, brazil,canada,china,colombia,denmark,finland,france,germany, india,indonesia,italy,malaysia,mexico,nigeria,norway,pakista n,philippines,poland,singapore,south africa,spain,sweden,switzerland,thailand,turkey,united kingdom,united states of america,united arab emireates. Visit My Web Site READ MORE: http://www.disclose.tv/forum/posting.php?mode=post&f=23
index: 38471361
There are no egg whales. All whales are sperm whales, and gay. The sperm just re-differentiates to an oocyte when two sperm whales meet and fall in love and gay marriage is legalized. And then sperm whale banks are contacted and synthetic egg-storage/combination devices fuse two sperm cells together and who even fucking knows gays can't parent.
index: 74320447
Yeah but like, most of the gay marriage arguments DO justify polyamory and incest. They don't really justify bestiality but basically any marriage that takes place between two consenting adults would be justified by gay marriage arguments. I'm not sure how fallacious that slope is in this case.
index: 73118714
Well, as far as an in tact Valyrian family tree is concerned, there's also House Velaryon of Driftmark. They followed the Targaryens to Westeros 12 years before The Doom and were Aegon the Conquerors Master of Ships during the invasion. We know House Velaryon has married into the Targayens many times, including Princess Rhaenys who was married to Lord Corlys Velaryon.
index: 93824440
ALL >>CONTRIY>>muthkarni>BABAJI>specialist 101%GARNTYKE SAATH SOLUTION molvibaba>>+91-9829791419>>chirago dawara>>ilm>>by specialist molviji Uk,usa,kuwait,saudia,dubai,australia,swizreland,newzland,england,canada,london,specialist molvi ji,+91-9829791419>>>inter caste love marriage +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist molvi ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage vashikaran specialist baba ji delhi +91-9829791419 intercaste love marriage love back specialist +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problem solution +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problems +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a boy Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a married woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran by photo Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran in hindi Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran my husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 Love Problem Solution Specialist BENGALI BABA JI +91-9829791419 vashikaran specialist Love vashikaran specialist black magic specialist online black magic specialist get your love back LOVE vashikaran specialist in Andaman & Nicobar Islands , Andhra Pradesh , Arunachal Pradesh , Assam , Bihar , Chandigarh , Chattisgarh , Dadra & Nagar Haveli , Daman & Diu , Delhi , Goa , Gujarat , Haryana , Himachal Pradesh , Jammu & Kashmir , Jharkhand , Karnataka , Kerala , Lakshadweep , Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , Manipur , Meghalaya , Mizoram , Nagaland , Orissa , Pondicherry , Punjab , Rajasthan , Sikkim , Tamil Nadu , Tripura , Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand , West Bengal Blackmagic specialist,vashikaran specialist,intercast love marriage specialist,love problem solutions,blackspells,love spells,voodoo spells,lost love back specialist,bewitchment caster specialist ,witchcraft specialist in:-afghanistan,albania,algeria,angola,argentina,aruba,bahamas,b arbados,belgium,belize,bermuda,bolivia,costa rica,croatia,cuba,czech republic,dominican republic,ecuador,equatorial guinea,greece,greenland,guatemala,guyana,haiti,honduras,hong kong,iran,ireland,israel,jamaica,latvia,luxemberg,morroco,ne therlands,nicargua,panama,papua new guinea,paraguiay,peru,portugal,puerto rica,romania,russia,saint lucia,san marino, urugay,venezuala,paris new zealand,austria,australia, brazil,canada,china,colombia,denmark,finland,france,germany, india,indonesia,italy,malaysia,mexico,nigeria,norway,pakista n,philippines,poland,singapore,south africa,spain,sweden,switzerland,thailand,turkey,united kingdom,united states of america,united arab emireates. Visit My Web Site READ MORE: http://www.disclose.tv/forum/posting.php?mode=post&f=23
index: 48745628
Honestly, one of the things that struck me the most about my in-laws was that their devotion to Catholicism was based more on faith than religious dogma. I obviously disagree with them, but I respect them more than other very religious people in this country because they may disagree with abortion and gay marriage, but would never force their beliefs on others.
index: 65548826
"Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work. "
index: 42551705
Because it affects society in general. We know an alcoholic abuse parent has an affect on his/her children. We also know that children who are raised in single parents homes are affected by that. Why wouldn't Gay marriage and the right for gays to adopt affect a child? And children grow up and they affect society.
index: 13469397
Most libertarians care for social issues, at least as it comes to individual rights like gay marriage, drug legalization, or immigration. In many cases, they're even to the left of the Democrats. Certain things like universal healthcare or social security they side with the conservatives on, but at least in their mind, those are economic issues, not social ones. And they tend to be conservative on economic issues and liberal on social issues.
index: 91390145
The bible never says to hate anyone. I lovingly disagree with a lot of things, but i hate nothing. The bible says to disagree with a lot of things but it never says to hate anyone. Do i disagree with same sex marriage? yes am i pro life? yes, but i will never spread hate about anyone who does get/believe in abortion or same sex marriage. as a Christian you're supposed to Spread the love of Jesus Christ, not hate.
index: 33355986
I hate when people think this. The poor thing just makes no sense, and just because we don't agree with homosexual marriage, doesn't mean we hate gays. A Christian is supposed to show the love of God and our own personal love to every type of person, even if we don't agree with their life style.
index: 53926961
I feel like the older I get, the more right-wing I become. I'm still left on social issues i.e gay marriage, abortion, death penalty, etc, but my views on most other things are pretty much to the right.
index: 14732120
Exactement la stratégie PS pour noyer le poisson dans les 6 premiers mois, marriage homo et vote étranger, surtout ne parlons pas chomage, pouvoir d'achat, soutiens des PME et fiscalité.
index: 30691923
So you don't support it, but would let them get married if they wanted to? That doesn't make any sense because there are plenty of gay people who want to get married, but can't because it's against the law. If you would let gay people get married because it's up to them, then you should be a supporter of gay marriage. You can't really say you support gays geting married, and then vote to make it illegal for them to get married.
index: 84300233
I think we can be almost certain that Obama did not "evolve". He believed in same-sex marriage before his campaign, he lied about his position when he started running for president, then he supported it when it was politically prudent. [Axelrod](http://www.cnn.com/2015/02/10/politics/obama-gay-marriage-axelrod/) mentioned this and Obama basically admitted it. [2](http://time.com/3702584/gay-marriage-axelrod-obama/)
index: 56675323
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 73394521
Abortion isn't an economic issue. Gay Marriage isn't an economic issue. Voter ID isn't an economic issue. Climate change that has severe economic consequences and hinges on economic policy most certainly IS an economic issue. Its also a human health issue. Its not a simple environmental issue because it involves science.
index: 68493017
People apathetic to politics will stay apathetic to politics. Especially when there's a good chance the issue doesn't make a difference to them. How will gay marriage affect the average heterosexual either way? There's no good reason to *not* be apathetic. Personally, I'm straight and I think the current setup of marriage is inequitable, but most don't.
index: 87259561
Religious influence around the world. I don't mean no religion i mean everybody is free to practice their own religion but with the exception that personal religious beliefs do not influence society, the laws will be made to do what is best for the people and if your religion stipulates otherwise then you practice this belief personally, others don't have to do the same. For me the strongest example for this would have to do with abortion and gay marriage because religious belief seems to be a big factor holding society from advancing and evolving. Just my 2 cents.
index: 59269020
More proof God loves gays and created gays the tide is turning for gays and now it the time to push for gay marriage and equal Civil Rights now in American, the tiem is right, go for it.
index: 17264622
If you look at the right you'll see huge amounts of government involvement on issues (e.g. abortion, gay marriage, War on Drugs, etc.) I think [this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Worlds-Smallest-Political-Quiz.svg) is a good tool to understand the political spectrum.
index: 69131939
View the community with the least interest in marriage or the commitment that comes with it. You'll have the problem in perspective. The black family unit is in crisis in the US, Canada and England and with that come all the concomitant social costs. They're huge. Devoid of all the niceties, marriage is an economic unit that exists in no small part to support stability in communities. Gay marriage is just one more punch in the gut of the traditional model that sorely needs strengthening and not the opposite. Smart gays know that and are content with the civil union choice. We can dissect marriage all we want but without it we have a society increasingly dependent on social services and handouts. Great. Where's the study that shows common law marriages and single parent households contribute as much to social cohesion and financial solvency in a country as traditional marriage? All studies I've seen show they don't. Gay marriage isn't likely to improve results.
index: 63791425
Libertarians are with the Greens and Democrats on social issues (more immigration, yes for gay marriage, end the drug war, etc.). You probably also agree with them on foreign policy. It's economic policy where you disagree.
index: 37502052
In the sense that those other things cost more, affect who more people etc, gay marriage isn't as important. And yet there are still a lot of voters who seriously think that marriage equality is a threat to them, and politicians who use it as a wedge issue.
index: 40249378
Every time I play, I'm like "this time, she's going to end up with a guy" and then...a pretty girl sim (or a sim with a cool name, or a girl sim that talks to me, or....) and next thing I know, she's married to another girl and they're adopting a child and getting married. And I'm not even gay, I'm bi...
index: 61630187
The fact that he was the first president to support gay marriage is not at all irrelevant. That is the line that will end up in the history books. Other presidents had the opportunity to support gay marriage. Only Obama has done so. And well before it was legalized nationwide.
index: 72717517
Discussing the specifics of your religious beliefs isn't anti an atheistic world view. They may think you're wrong, but they think it's perfectly fine to believe that kind of stuff. However, if you believe gay marriage is wrong, they think you're not only wrong, but you're also immoral, for example.
index: 42736057
I feel we have the same mentality of things (disagree but tolerate), though I'm on the side of believing gay marriage isn't bad. But may I ask what it is about gay marriage you don't agree with? Is it a religious reason or something else? I usually try to see both sides of an argument, and in this case, outside of religion, I couldn't come up with anything, so I'm curious as to what might be fueling the disagreement.
index: 22203808
I have received nothing but love, inspiration and strength from gay man. Sure, I have never been on apps but every gay man I have talked or heard of, were great man. especially the married gay men. You will know why they are married when you hear them talk.married Gay men has become my inspiration.straight man and women have been great too
index: 17610829
Gay marriage. I think if they want to be miserable like some married couples I see then I don't see how it affects me since I'm never going to meet them anyway as I don't know them... Yes gays should be allowed to get married.
index: 71532752
No, actually, he didn't. He was forced to say that he supported gay marriage because Joe Biden opened his mouth out of party line. Obama was FORCED to support gay marriage by Biden, don't be disingenuous. The only president that ever supported gay marriage on their own is President Trump.
index: 19996531
Her and Obama had the same position. They then both changed their mind around 2012/13. It's dishonest of you to imply Obama was pro-gay and she was anti-gay. Even Sanders did not support gay marriage until 2009. There are other rights than marriage, and Hillary was a strong advocate for them. DADT was progressive at the time.
index: 13847588
God made us to where man and women are supposed to be married. It's supposed to be a man and a women. In my opinion same sex isn't correct. And you are right it doesn't say that in the ten commandments. I absolutely hate it when "christians" say with there whole heart how God hates gays. They hate gays... They give other christians a bad name. In my own opinion I don't think it is correct, but if that's what they want to do then they can go ahead and do it. God gave us all free will and they can do what they want. I think as long as you believe that God is you savior and have accepted him as your God then you will go to heaven.
index: 81020811
And [Amazon and Microsoft](http://www.geekwire.com/2013/amazon-microsoft-urge-supreme-court-support-gay-marriage/) as well. Happy employees are better employees. Also, if you are head quartered in a state without gay marriage, you lose out on recruiting some talent. [Acquiring and retaining talent is something these companies are extremely concerned about.](http://www.businessweek.com/articles/2014-05-01/tech-hubris-the-silicon-valley-antitrust-hiring-conspiracy)
index: 91401954
There's a difference between simply being personally opposed to gay marriage compared to going so far as to support a bill to *ban* gay marriage. Hillary supported a bill to ban gay marriage. She deserves to be attacked for it.
index: 19023449
Chrétien voulait décriminaliser (et non légaliser) mais il a choisi de juste légaliser les marriages gay pour pas trop frustrer le gouvernement américain qui était déjà en tabarnak parce que Chrétien avait refusé de participer à la guerre en Iraq.
index: 16519422
yeah but is that a bad thing? A slippery slope for one person might not be one for someone else. What if the slippery slope for interracial marriages was that it would lead to gay marriage? Most of us would say "...umm... what's wrong with that?"
index: 61775957
He supported gay marriage in the 90's, then stopped supporting it for a while because it was politically expedient, now he "reluctantly" (LOL) supports it again (but only because his hand was forced). Obama is a Chicago politician, and is no better when it comes to this kind of stuff than most other politicians.
index: 64159939
business owners also shouldn't be forced to hire or keep employees that wont do their job. Refusing service to gays and unmarried couples is now a protected religious right. In other words, you now have a big group of employees that are legally protected from doing their jobs.
index: 94749951
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead. Lets people know you're not a homo, married guy seems more stable, people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch. Ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 61554298
I'm about 60% straight, I dig girls, I've been in lesbian relationships, I typically find more women attractive than I do men, but I'm married to a guy and have had way more long term relationships with men. I get along better with men I suppose, or maybe I just pick crazy women.
index: 99755560
if you define things republican think will create jobs *a priori* as things that won't create jobs, then it's not really surprising that then you can say republicans have done nothing to create jobs. but i don't think that was the OP's point, otherwise he wouldn't have mentioned gay marriage.
index: 38485777
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 42655242
Funny thing is, adoption and surrogacy are things that exist (and in the case of lesbian couples, sperm donors) or even, and I might blow your mind here, kids from previous marriages. It's a brave new world out here.
index: 58264931
Based on what my dad (with whom I've had many disagreements over gay marriage) has said, they generally see the traditional family as being a cornerstone of society. They tend to see homosexuality as eroding away at this, and thus see it as an attack on society.
index: 43264379
OMG yes. She didn't answer a single question. And he called her out on it. Props to him. Every single question he asked was responded with "America is being lead in the wrong direction with Obama....". And when asked about appointees, he asked if gay marriage was a litmus test when approaching canidates for office she would appoint, and she deflected and claimed she would appoint people that are constitutionalists. He called her out on that one too, but not enough. He should just keep going. He should have said, "I will not go on to another question until you answer this one."
index: 64112270
I don't understand what is there to protect about marriage. These people are saying the accept gays but want to protect marriage. What do they even think will be lost if gays can get married. How will this change marriage as a whole?
index: 38141582
Understandable. But how are either sides any different? If someone says "I dont believe in gay marriage and think its wrong" and the other says "well your opinion about the issue is wrong" how is either person not being persecuted for their opinion? Does that make sens?
index: 68840381
I have received nothing but love, inspiration and strength from gay man. Sure, I have never been on apps but every gay man I have talked or heard of, were great man. especially the married gay men. You will know why they are married when you hear them talk.married Gay men has become my inspiration.straight man and women have been great too
index: 96347166
Seconding Ragnarok Online! There are also private servers that allow same-sex marriages. I'm not sure whether the official servers have implemented it, but if you want to play for free you'll be looking for a private server anyway.
index: 24299425
I completely agree. this is the whole point. don't want an abortion? don't get an abortion. don't want to get gay married? don't get gay married. why does something that has zero effect on your life, completely rule it?
index: 71253356
If she was actually a lesbian. You would think a woman married to another woman would mean she likes women, right? Apparently not in all cases. She is happily remarried to a man with lots of kids now.
index: 35326680
I know a throuple like this. One bi guy who is the Dom for one straight woman and one gay guy. The Dom and woman were married for quite a while and then brought in a younger guy. They all seem super happy!
index: 60402560
ALL >>CONTRIY>>muthkarni>BABAJI>specialist 101%GARNTYKE SAATH SOLUTION molvibaba>>+91-9829791419>>chirago dawara>>ilm>>by specialist molviji Uk,usa,kuwait,saudia,dubai,australia,swizreland,newzland,england,canada,london,specialist molvi ji,+91-9829791419>>>inter caste love marriage +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist molvi ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage vashikaran specialist baba ji delhi +91-9829791419 intercaste love marriage love back specialist +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problem solution +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problems +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a boy Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a married woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran by photo Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran in hindi Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran my husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 Love Problem Solution Specialist BENGALI BABA JI +91-9829791419 vashikaran specialist Love vashikaran specialist black magic specialist online black magic specialist get your love back LOVE vashikaran specialist in Andaman & Nicobar Islands , Andhra Pradesh , Arunachal Pradesh , Assam , Bihar , Chandigarh , Chattisgarh , Dadra & Nagar Haveli , Daman & Diu , Delhi , Goa , Gujarat , Haryana , Himachal Pradesh , Jammu & Kashmir , Jharkhand , Karnataka , Kerala , Lakshadweep , Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , Manipur , Meghalaya , Mizoram , Nagaland , Orissa , Pondicherry , Punjab , Rajasthan , Sikkim , Tamil Nadu , Tripura , Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand , West Bengal Blackmagic specialist,vashikaran specialist,intercast love marriage specialist,love problem solutions,blackspells,love spells,voodoo spells,lost love back specialist,bewitchment caster specialist ,witchcraft specialist in:-afghanistan,albania,algeria,angola,argentina,aruba,bahamas,b arbados,belgium,belize,bermuda,bolivia,costa rica,croatia,cuba,czech republic,dominican republic,ecuador,equatorial guinea,greece,greenland,guatemala,guyana,haiti,honduras,hong kong,iran,ireland,israel,jamaica,latvia,luxemberg,morroco,ne therlands,nicargua,panama,papua new guinea,paraguiay,peru,portugal,puerto rica,romania,russia,saint lucia,san marino, urugay,venezuala,paris new zealand,austria,australia, brazil,canada,china,colombia,denmark,finland,france,germany, india,indonesia,italy,malaysia,mexico,nigeria,norway,pakista n,philippines,poland,singapore,south africa,spain,sweden,switzerland,thailand,turkey,united kingdom,united states of america,united arab emireates. Visit My Web Site READ MORE: http://www.disclose.tv/forum/posting.php?mode=post&f=23
index: 57629144
I was under the impression that political question referred to gerrymandering, campaigns, and the like. Although this is political, I don't think it falls into the political category because then almost anything could be political (gay marriage, abortion, etc.)
index: 75856440
ALL >>CONTRIY>>muthkarni>BABAJI>specialist 101%GARNTYKE SAATH SOLUTION molvibaba>>+91-9829791419>>chirago dawara>>ilm>>by specialist molviji Uk,usa,kuwait,saudia,dubai,australia,swizreland,newzland,england,canada,london,specialist molvi ji,+91-9829791419>>>inter caste love marriage +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist baba +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage specialist molvi ji +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage vashikaran specialist baba ji delhi +91-9829791419 intercaste love marriage love back specialist +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problem solution +91-9829791419 intercast love marriage problems +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a boy Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a married woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran by photo Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran in hindi Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran my husband Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 how to vashikaran a woman Specialist Bengali Baba Ji +91-9829791419 Love Problem Solution Specialist BENGALI BABA JI +91-9829791419 vashikaran specialist Love vashikaran specialist black magic specialist online black magic specialist get your love back LOVE vashikaran specialist in Andaman & Nicobar Islands , Andhra Pradesh , Arunachal Pradesh , Assam , Bihar , Chandigarh , Chattisgarh , Dadra & Nagar Haveli , Daman & Diu , Delhi , Goa , Gujarat , Haryana , Himachal Pradesh , Jammu & Kashmir , Jharkhand , Karnataka , Kerala , Lakshadweep , Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , Manipur , Meghalaya , Mizoram , Nagaland , Orissa , Pondicherry , Punjab , Rajasthan , Sikkim , Tamil Nadu , Tripura , Uttar Pradesh , Uttarakhand , West Bengal Blackmagic specialist,vashikaran specialist,intercast love marriage specialist,love problem solutions,blackspells,love spells,voodoo spells,lost love back specialist,bewitchment caster specialist ,witchcraft specialist in:-afghanistan,albania,algeria,angola,argentina,aruba,bahamas,b arbados,belgium,belize,bermuda,bolivia,costa rica,croatia,cuba,czech republic,dominican republic,ecuador,equatorial guinea,greece,greenland,guatemala,guyana,haiti,honduras,hong kong,iran,ireland,israel,jamaica,latvia,luxemberg,morroco,ne therlands,nicargua,panama,papua new guinea,paraguiay,peru,portugal,puerto rica,romania,russia,saint lucia,san marino, urugay,venezuala,paris new zealand,austria,australia, brazil,canada,china,colombia,denmark,finland,france,germany, india,indonesia,italy,malaysia,mexico,nigeria,norway,pakista n,philippines,poland,singapore,south africa,spain,sweden,switzerland,thailand,turkey,united kingdom,united states of america,united arab emireates. Visit My Web Site READ MORE: http://www.disclose.tv/forum/posting.php?mode=post&f=23
index: 74517549
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 93882149
Similar things have been said about gay marriage, that gay people are not being denied the right to marry since they can marry the opposite gender,like straight people. I think your idea has similar problems.
index: 61625480
So you recon these people are escaping Islamic countries to racist western societies in search of or to create Islamic paradise that contravenes with Islamic doctrines of gender equality, womens, gay rights, genital mutilation, child marriages, deaths of apostate and blasphemers. How does this kind of brainwashing work in the 21 century. Irony of it all...
index: 78123700
Goodbye marriage equality. Goodbye Roe vs Wade. Goodbye race equality. Goodbye NATO. Goodbye Constitution. Goodbye world. I am so sorry. So so sorry. I never wanted this. I never never never wanted this.
index: 15684217
The itt job tech,http://buy-sell.lerd.bij.pl/map.html angel river nursing ho,http://jordans-furniture.pong.orge.pl/map.html download free visio 2009 icon,http://hubble-bubble.kleo.345.pl/map.html free motorola ringtone t720 verizon,http://turtle-wax.akar.osa.pl/map.html car decoration wedding,http://kimel-22.lerd.bij.pl/map.html cosmetic nutrimetics nutrimetics nutrimeticsonline.com online,http://tnt-golf.lerd.bij.pl/map.html humor.com index.html toilette,http://used-co2.kleo.345.pl/map.html kol spoiler,http://print-buyer.varg.bee.pl/map.html buy the princess and the marine movie,http://adult-dating.kleo.345.pl/map.html rent a car in japan,http://dc-lobbying.varg.bee.pl/map.html furniture record,http://bismarck-car.kleo.345.pl/map.html car puryear rental,http://oil-production.serg.bij.pl/map.html retail job interview question,http://capriati-dating.akar.osa.pl/map.html car engine fire,http://singles-trips.kruz.345.pl/map.html furniture record,http://galvanized-pipe.serg.bij.pl/map.html msvu job fair,http://university-teachin.gagat.osa.pl/map.html washington dc job fairs,http://experian-tenant.pong.orge.pl/map.html treal tv2,http://india-furniture.gagat.osa.pl/map.html buy cheap link meridia meridia.harisen.jp prescription.html,http://buildings-insurance.varg.bee.pl/map.html car figaro importer,http://enhanced-single.lerd.bij.pl/map.html tenma 72-6614 meter,http://houston-outdoor.pong.orge.pl/map.html blow clip gay job,http://gn-9120.titi.bee.pl/map.html vinyl mini blinds privacy ventilation,http://kawasaki-ninja.lerd.bij.pl/map.html oil katrina photos,http://dtv-h20.akar.osa.pl/map.html northants county council jobs,http://friend-finder.kruz.345.pl/map.html madagascar oil gas,http://argenteuil-car.ilot.orge.pl/map.html pharmaceutical or medical sales jobs,http://car-seat.serg.bij.pl/map.html west palm beach airport car rental,http://lpn-jobs.gagat.osa.pl/map.html sherline 2009 milling machine,http://weight-watchers.kruz.345.pl/map.html dating free fun site,http://car-link.kleo.345.pl/map.html cla show,http://black-toile.kruz.345.pl/map.html car crash deer,http://business-change.kruz.345.pl/map.html center inverness job plus,http://jersey-city.varg.bee.pl/map.html free motorola ringtone t720 verizon,http://unsuccessful-cosmet.kruz.345.pl/map.html single men.com,http://aid-japan.pong.orge.pl/map.html jobs at price waterhouse coopers,http://purpose-of.kruz.345.pl/map.html analyst job system,http://rustic-furniture.gagat.osa.pl/map.html red lake job connect,http://furniture-morgantow.varg.bee.pl/map.html soil association uk,http://ladys-single.gagat.osa.pl/map.html 1920's advancements in medical technology,http://buying-flowers.pong.orge.pl/map.html dating marriage transsexual,http://breaking-down.kleo.345.pl/map.html sell used car part,http://waka-laka.titi.bee.pl/map.html hr recruiting jobs,http://jobs-to.akar.osa.pl/map.html blow gay job,http://jobs-for.umn.bij.pl/map.html benz car mercedes radio,http://226-sig.kleo.345.pl/map.html bride headpiece,http://carol-house.umn.bij.pl/map.html american single site,http://lmsw-job.kleo.345.pl/map.html smart car passion review,http://car-capsule.varg.bee.pl/map.html tara model escort birmingham,http://best-buys.lerd.bij.pl/map.html pornstar blowjob,http://altaire-cosmetics.varg.bee.pl/map.html dodge cummins oil filter,http://car-hot.titi.bee.pl/map.html space saver bedroom furniture,http://alarm-installer.ilot.orge.pl/map.html buy violin case,http://buy-house.pirit.345.pl/map.html campbell hausfeld pw2200 pressure washer,http://maytag-mle2009ayw.vudu.bee.pl/map.html florida child protective services jobs,http://chevy-engine.raptor.345.pl/map.html blow clip gay job,http://parts-bagles.vudu.bee.pl/map.html furniture buying clubs,http://girl-icelandic.pirit.345.pl/map.html antique furniture parts,http://open-to.vudu.bee.pl/map.html lacuna coil pic,http://electrician-in.oper.bee.pl/map.html download free visio 2009 icon,http://hot-jobs.raptor.345.pl/map.html hats zocor,http://cartoon-dating.pirit.345.pl/map.html oil prices rising 2005,http://oil-combination.pirit.345.pl/map.html hmv jobs canada,http://grand-old.vudu.bee.pl/map.html navy federal credit union in,http://new-england.vudu.bee.pl/map.html oil substitute for butter,http://air-car.raptor.345.pl/map.html buy sugared almonds,http://percentage-of.raptor.345.pl/map.html columbus ohio adult escort eros guide,http://car-comparison.ardis.345.pl/map.html 12 lead ecg training,http://ghana-delegation20.pirit.345.pl/map.html canada single payer,http://champagne-bridesma.ardis.345.pl/map.html buying a domain name,http://job-objectives.raptor.345.pl/map.html environmental awareness jobs uk,http://buy-roman.pirit.345.pl/map.html head hunter job retail,http://playstation2cheatco.oper.bee.pl/map.html Christian Women Kansas,http://job-reliefweb.raptor.345.pl/map.html car test reports,http://rustic-pine.oper.bee.pl/map.html subaru rally car pics,http://sell-a.oper.bee.pl/map.html biblical perspective on dating,http://buy-travelpro.oper.bee.pl/map.html sell used car part,http://balta-outdoor.vudu.bee.pl/map.html chemical corrosion emulsion oil production scale treatment,http://car-crown.raptor.345.pl/map.html banking jobs in atlanta,http://buy-best.oper.bee.pl/map.html alcohol detector mobile,http://dark-eldar.pirit.345.pl/map.html itt job tech,http://buyout-download.oper.bee.pl/map.html agr job fair,http://blow-hand.pirit.345.pl/map.html colorado state job announcements,http://buggy-car.pirit.345.pl/map.html description job specification,http://solar-powered.ardis.345.pl/map.html buy.com problem,http://effusion-lamp.ardis.345.pl/map.html cdl trucking jobs,http://car-mazatlan.vudu.bee.pl/map.html value city furniture rochester ny,http://car-battery.oper.bee.pl/map.html sears assistant store manager job description,http://epilepsy-alcohol.pirit.345.pl/map.html 80250br mustad fly hooks,http://dexter-axle.oper.bee.pl/map.html boy furniture gallery la name z,http://minnesota-finance.raptor.345.pl/map.html mineral oil constipation gas,http://old-car.oper.bee.pl/map.html jobs in new york for canadians,http://2009-articels.vudu.bee.pl/map.html cross country bank credit card,http://g-whiz.pirit.345.pl/map.html 1929 duesenberg
index: 87701951
If you don't live in my country, you have no business shitting on the south like that, even if they do somewhat deserve that reputation. You Aussies are just as bad as we are, with your cocky attitude and slaughter of native peoples. Also, I live in a liberal New England state, and we have plenty of "inbred retards" up here too. I support gay marriage, I voted to decriminalize pot, and yet I do indeed get a boner when I kill a deer or harvest veggies from my garden.
index: 45971229
Can we really say that a man who is gay is cheating on a woman he's married to? Cheating, to me, assumes that there's some sort of romantic relationship which is being violated. I don't think there's much of a romantic relationship between a gay man and a straight woman.
index: 51180636
I don't know, it kind of reminds me of when people used to say that if we legalized gay marriage, everyone would want to marry their dogs. It reminds me of that because it's a baseless slippery slope argument and it's stupid.
index: 63435958
Hillary is a liberal? Haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha. Because hating the working class, being pro censorship to the point that you pay people to censor wrong think, against doma privately, probably against gay marriage privately, and being pro war are such liberal stances?
index: 91643907
I doubt it will ever be considered a big enough issue by most of the country. The fact is most Americans could care less, most agree with gay marriage, but don't see it as their problem. Number one concern for most people is economy and what affects their wallet.
index: 98365363
No. It shouldn't be about getting rid of benefits for straight people, it's about getting benefits for gay people. We shouldn't just get rid of marriage, we should make it so that whoever wants to get married can get married.
index: 15955901
Christians will say that the story of Adam and Eve is the archetype for how God wants marriages to be, therefore making gay marriage a crime against God's Will. Remember, it's Adam and Eve, not Adam and...not Adam and...well, not Eve and Evette!
index: 76515590
They're a die-hard Catholic. I saw all of his other posts about church and his posting bible verses, etc. Although this post doesn't show any of the hateful actions of the person that it portrays, I have seen the posts that they were referring to. They were going into other pages specifically and picking fights with people and posting comments on the wall about things that no one was even bringing up. They were being called a bigot for a reason, not because they just didn't like gay marriage.
index: 70987688
Not very unless something happens to thrust it to the fore front. Normally the issues are the economy, foreign policy, immigration, and maybe some moral cultural issue. e.g. gay marriage or drugs.
index: 84371334
I think there's a growing split on social vs economic issues. From what I've seen, people are more accepting of liberal social views (gay marriage, abortion, etc), but are still conservative on economic issues (lower taxes, less regulations, etc). That seems to be tearing apart the GOP as religious groups try to hold on to the social matters awhile other Republicans accept it and just care about economic issues.
index: 29898542
No, calling someone a "troll" has an almost quaint feel about it. These are political hacks and almost certainly a scourge the likes of which "Homosexuals" and "Terrorists" (talking points, not suggesting holosexuals are an actual threat to the "sanctity" of marriage) can't begin to rival in how dangerous they truly are to society whether they realize, or care about, it at all.
index: 71108402
"Marriage is an important part of getting ahead. It lets people know you're not a homo. A married guy seems more stable. People see the ring, they think 'at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch.' Ladies see the ring, they know immediately that you must have some cash, and your cock must work."
index: 13380250
Well I don't like how homosexuals want to marry but throw it in your face. Its no better than extremist religious groups shoving their ideals down peoples throats. People need to live their life and leave others alone.
index: 37313608
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead. It lets people know you're not a homo. A married guy seems more stable. People see the ring, they think, "At least somebody can stand the son of a bitch." Ladies see the ring, they know immediately that you must have some cash, and your cock must work.
index: 57946039
Could you give us a short list of your different political views? Just some of the big topics like gay marriage, abortion, gun control, climate change, immigration, economic policy, foreign policy, etc. would be interesting to see.
index: 50386271
Orrr she's simply bi as I said. It's not like a man that is completely straight will one day just marry another guy. Or a completely gay guy will one day end up being straight. It's pretty obvious she's bi. It fits, because a bisexual person can be attracted to females and then be attracted to a male, someone who is 100% gay won't just turn straight, you can't just CHANGE that as you wish. Either you're gay, or you're just bi, like she is.
index: 44512352
Well, the case on gay marriage is based on the premise that marriage should be allowed between two consensual members. I'm not saying it's a "slippery slope," but more that that premise will allow the same case to be made for incest.
index: 52934677
"Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work."
index: 50978185
Calradia doesn't exist though. It's not historically accurate to have vikings a day's ride away from a suktanate. I really don't care about the historical accuracy for a history that doesn't exist. And while gay marriage isn't historical lgbt people have always existed in every culture, we aren't a modern invention.
index: 11012905
First of all, homosexuality is not a sexual proclivity, it's a sexual orientation. Secondly the civil rights movement, and the marriage equality movement are similar. They are both movements that have sought equal rights. African Americans certainly battled greater injustice, but I don't see how comparing their struggle to marriage equality cheapens the civil rights movement.
index: 62353118
While the gay rights debate isn't the same as the civil rights movement of the 50s and 60s, it is still a civil rights movement because we're fighting for things like protections from employment and housing discrimination as well as hate crimes. Marriage is just one of many things we're fighting for.
index: 65069233
Viva Las Vegas Wedding Chapel provides best Traditional Las Vegas Weddings, Elvis Style Weddings and Themed based Style Weddings in Las Vegas. We also provide same-sex marriage in Nevada. So come join with us when it's time to celebrate your marriage.
index: 94334628
...Because gays are the ones who aren't allowed to marry. Nobody's asking for any changes to straight marriages. What do you want, cash prizes for straight couples to make up for the fact that the gays get something? I seriously can't tell if trolling.
index: 59498405
Athletes don't just answer every question their asked. They pick and choose what they want to answer. Saying "he just answered the question" isn't a very good defense. If he didn't want to express his views about gay marriage he could have just ignored or evaded the question. But you know, maybe he just wasn't thinking and accidentally let it slip when he should have known better.
index: 88465010
what is this homo pati. are you not knowings that ghey marrij is aganisit the indian penile code. where is koschan of homo pati or patni? not only it is illigals but also against of indian vulture. ve must all ban this this becaz our vulture is the bast in the wolrd vultures. perhpas you are telling while havings the ghey saks you have torn something ie homo phati. this is easily repaired. go to cobbler on street corner to get stich.
index: 35935726
Do you not judge a person because they believe in Christianity or religion in general? Also i support gay marriage i believe that its your choice. Ok i can see that and in some cases yes it is a problem. but just because someone believes in a religion should not discount them from election. otherwise it would not be balanced.
index: 98162968
This is like saying "if we let gay people marry then people will start wanting to be able to marry their dogs". A slippery slope fallacy, we can't negate a logical thing under the illogical assumption that it will escalate in such a way
index: 21960343
What does not agreeing with gay marriage even mean? If it means *you* don't want to get gay married, then don't get gay married. Fine. But if you don't want other people to get gay married, you need to come up with a pretty good explanation for why...
index: 67000095
Good for them. They should probably be aware that their savior Hillary didn't even support Gay Marriage until it became politically expedient to do so. If that's the kind of politician they want to support, then more power to them. I will support the candidate who has been right from the start.
index: 11644902
shaadi bhi kya timepass hai. subah se shyam ho gayi kuch bhi nhi kiya. pata nhi kab haldi hogi. i am already bored and its not even my marriage.
index: 15994598
Marriage is an important part of getting ahead: lets people know you're not a homo; married guy seems more stable; people see the ring, they think at least somebody can stand the son of a bitch; ladies see the ring, they know immediately you must have some cash or your cock must work.
index: 25874802
Obama also said while campaigning that he didn't support same-sex marriages, and recently spoke at a rally in NY in favor of them, soon before they were made legal here. All politicians say things in hopes of being elected, even if they don't mean it.
index: 22275574
I'm sure there are plenty of accepting folks that LOVE gays, but simply have a small hitch on the topic of gay marriage. If you seek to restrict the rights of a demographic, you oppose the existence of that demographic. It's pretty clear.
index: 35575557
We support meritocracy which is evil because it doesn't produce 50/50 gender parity in all jobs (read: all jobs they think are valuable and don't require lots of labor.) Also the GOP's stance on gay marriage is particularly evil to SJWs.
index: 71113958
Well, Christian says that the Bible says that Gay Marriage is a sin. But, the Bible never says that. It only says that people don't like gay marriage, which is different of saying that God doesn't like it. But... if Christians had fully read the bible, they wouldn't be Christians after all...
index: 94710389
I don't see the point of either of your questions. The first one, why would you ask me that? And the second one, how could asking a simple question relating to the topic at hand be considered an argument? I've noticed that supporters of gay marriage often struggle with the question I asked!
index: 10599924
Well you could start by asking if they do the same when fellow Christians bring up gay marriage. If not, what gives them the right to pick and choose? etc. That said, I think most of the NT stuff is more historically inaccurate than offensive. There is the verse where Jesus condemns the fig tree for not bearing fruit, but that's just frankly more bizarre than morally offensive, unless you love fig newtons.
index: 27433406
I think you'd see a lot more backlash from this move, from both the straight and LGBT communities. The religious and conservative right see LGBT marriages as an attack on the institution of marriage, so disbanding it would prove them right. And the LGBT community wants the same rights and equality as the straight community, so taking away the representative value of marriage and demoting everyone to this life partnership really destroys the entire journey this battle for equal civil rights has been working for.
index: 27397371
Okay so if gay marriage is a 'type' of marriage, that means there is an umbrella term - "marriage" - containing it. If you argue that saying "gay marriage" should not only be valid, but *necessary*, then it should also be neccesary to identify other 'types' under the umbrella of "marriage". Are you going to start saying "straight marriage" now? I mean, it serves a neutral purpose which makes sense - the mentioning of the category of sexual orientation should not be "censored", that is.
